---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-07-04
journal-end-date: 2024-07-04
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work/Philosophy
- [x] AI
- [x] Entrepreneurship
- [x] Socialization
- [ ] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [x] Twitter
- [x] Writing
- [x] Music
- [x] Second Brain

# Misc

Pedagogy - the method and practice of teaching. 

Likes the concept of a [[self]]-development app or chatbot that changes reinforcement styles based on user information. They envision an app that accesses personal data on the user's phone (encrypted for privacy) to tailor its reinforcement style depending on the user's emotional state. The reinforcement styles could range from kind and nurturing (like a mother or sister) to spiritual (like Eckhart Tolle) or tough and direct (like [[David Goggins]]).

>”You do not rise to the level of your goals, you fall to the level of your systems.” – [[James Clear]]

> “If you want to go fast, go alone; but if you want to go  far, go together” – African Proverb



# [[AI]]


# [[Socialization]]

## Women Hate You Cause You're Boring

[](https://www.youtube.com/@Denmosocial)

Being boring is safe. Fitting in is safe. Homogeneity is safe and adaptive but it runs counter to genetic selection that aims for unique, salient traits to impact the gene pool. Genetic impact. 

Struggle vs boring/safe. You want perfection and easy.

You’re too scared to be yourself, too scared to take the risks required to get what you want from life.

Boring men don’t fail because they never try anything in the first place. 

Steps:
1. Be interested in other people. 
	1. Assume the best, that they will be interesting.
	2. Treat them as if they’re already your friend.
	3. It doesn’t matter if you aren’t into the same things, **act like you are anyways**. 
	4. Active listeners bring the best out of people and people [[love]] that.
2. Be enthusiastic
	1. Mood is contagious. Be happy, passionate, enthusiastic.
	2. You will feed them the emotional fuel they hunger for, that they lack. This will get them hooked, like a drug. 
3. Start doing interesting things.
	1. Hobbies
	2. Interests
		1. Read
	3. Classes
	4. I doesn’t matter if the girl is (would be) interested in the story, tell it anyways. The delivery (enthusiasm, passion) is what makes it interesting. The content itself doesn’t matter. 
	5. Interests show that you are passionate about things, that you care, that you have lifeforce, that you aren’t some dull caricature of yourself. 
	6. Mix it up.
4. Stop spending so much time online
	1. You are boring because you are bored.
	2. You are bored because you are overstimulated. 
	3. Ice cream vs vegetables. Dopamine overload. 
	4. You need life energy, energy. 

# Hunger

I spent so much of my day trying to find the best place to eat, of planning my eating event. I was so obsessed with it that I couldn’t think or do anything else. I also seem to get this way about my appearance. Now that I am sated, I’m able to get on with my day, I am learning about AI. 

Instead of trying to fit my hunger into the places that I think it should be satisfied, I need to live my life according to my hunger. I need to take care of it first. Otherwise, I can get by, but at what cost? I won’t be able to use the most amount of my day.

The lesson here is that on any day off, I need to have my big meal in the morning or noon. I don’t need to be so rigid with the timing because I crave a large meal that leaves me satisfied.

