---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-07-15
journal-end-date: 2024-07-15
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [x] AI
- [x] Entrepreneurship
- [ ] Socialization
- [ ] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [x] Twitter
- [x] Music
- [ ] Second Brain

# Recap

## What did I do well?


## What could I have done better?


# Misc

The future is already here, it's just not evenly distributed. –William Gibson

A person is smart, people are stupid. –Cardinal Mason

# “Your actions speak so loudly that I cannot hear what you are saying.” –[[Ralph Waldo Emerson]]

I don't take action on my [[conviction]]s. It could mean that I don't believe in myself enough to warrant action. I don't believe I'm capable enough. I'm not worth the investment of energy. My dreams, my [[self-actualization]] isn't worth the [[risk]]. 

“It’s the doing it, whatever it is, that matters. It’s making time for it that matters. Being vulnerable enough to do it is what matters. You find your own way. You find your own style. You get your own benefits. But only if you do it.” –[[Ryan Holiday]]

“Think of it this way: there are two kinds of [[failure]]. The first comes from never trying out your ideas because you are afraid ([[fear]]), or because you are waiting for the perfect time. This kind of [[failure]] you can never learn from, and such [[timidity]] will destroy you. *The second kind comes from a bold and venturesome spirit*. If you fail in this way, the hit that you take to your reputation is greatly outweighed by what you learn. **Repeated [[failure]] will toughen your spirit** and show you with absolute clarity how things must be done.”–[[Mastery (book)]] by [[Robert Greene]]


# [[Copywriting]]



