---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-01-08
journal-end-date: 2024-01-08
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Transits
| Time | Event |
|------|-------|
| 15:08 | Moon Enters Sagittarius |
| 14:21 | Moon void of course |


# Nightmare, Privacy, Space, [[Home]], What little I have
I am in the basement, it is a parallel timeline where I am working from home. I am sad that I am alone, [[Victoria]] has not responded to me today. In that absence and my [[loneliness]], I contemplate breaking down and asking that we spend the rest of our life together as husband and wife. What would the ramifications be? Suddenly I hear that people have arrived at our house, I can hear talking upstairs. I'm confused because it is 11am on a Tuesday/Thursday, not the time for company. My mom says it's Rati Mama (some uncle of mine from India) who I'm supposed to meet (she wants me to keep up appearances). I say no, I'm not prepared for company. In this timeline, I am more degenerate, so I definitely want to hide because I did not shower, I'm not prepared. Mom ([[mother]]) goes away and suddenly, Bobby Uncle comes and acts as if he is going to force me. The tone of the dream shifts to panic ([[fear]]), as my personal space, my privacy is being invaded. I get aggressive, but this dream blends in the past so Bobby Uncle seems taller and more muscular, victory isn't assured. I'm scared but definitely stand my ground. Later, my mom brings my cousins down for me to meet them. They are my age so I feel embarrassed and judged. At this point I am ravenous and I tell them I'm sorry, acknowledge that this is embarrassing, but I tell them to fuck off. They stay anyways, push through calmly and sit down. They start judging my living space which is a sty. One then asks me if I have loyal officers, I assume they saw World of Warcraft, WoW on my screen and is trying to build rapport I say "yes". Then they ask why I am living here (or like this) and I respond **"it's not much, but it's my space", with tears streaming down my eyes**. The person acknowledges and the dream ends.
- Even though I detest my [[home]], this dream allowed me to feel what it's like to lose this and gave me some appreciation.



