---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-06-30
journal-end-date: 2024-06-30
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## play the Honest Rogue

No smoke screen, red herring, false sincerity, or any other diversionary device will succeed in concealing your intentions if you already have an established reputation for [[deception]]. And as you get older and achieve [[success]], it often becomes increasingly difficult to disguise your cunning. Everyone knows you practice [[deception]]; persist in playing naive and you run the [[risk]] of seeming the rankest hypocrite, which will severely limit your room to maneuver. In such cases it is better to own up, to appear the honest rogue, or, better, the repentant rogue. Not only will you be admired for your frankness, but, most wonderful and strange of all, you will be able to continue your stratagems. As P. T. Barnum, the nineteenth-century king of humbuggery, grew older, he learned to embrace his reputation as a grand deceiver. At one point he organized a buffalo hunt in New Jersey, complete with Indians and a few imported buffalo. He publicized the hunt as genuine, but it came off as so completely fake that the crowd, instead of getting angry and asking for their money back, was greatly amused. They knew Barnum pulled tricks all the time; that was the secret of his [[success]], and they loved him for it. Learning a lesson from this affair, Barnum stopped concealing all of his devices, even revealing his deceptions in a tell-all autobiography. As [[Kierkegaard]] wrote, “The world wants to be deceived.”

> Daily Law: When you can no longer disguise your cunning, reveal your devices.
> 
> _The 48 Laws of Power_, Law 3: Conceal Your Intentions


# Morning Journal

1. What’s something I’m **grateful** for?
	1. 
2. What’s something I’m **excited** about?
	1. 
3. What is a **[[virtue]]** I want to exhibit?
	1. 
4. What’s something I’m **avoiding**?
	1. 
5. What’s the one thing I **need to do**?
	1. 



# Misc

Hallucinations can happen because the model is not smart enough to determine semantic meaning from the query. 

Or the index isn't good enough such as the information is stale or not detailed enough. Or there's too much information to detailed in the model can't discern which is useful and which isn't useful. 

Indexing 
Every AI model has bots that scrape the web. Crawling has rules that need to be followed. 

Ranking 
Fetches relevant documents from the index based on a score. 

Web pages are stored sometimes in vector databases. Pure embeddings in vector base retrievals are not good enough. Need the old school methods of term-based retrieval need some sort of engram-based retrieval. For unrestricted web data you need a combination of all. You also need other ranking signals for web pages outside of semantic. Page rank signals, domain authority, recency. 

Query stage 
Even if LLM doesn't have a great set of documents. That's really good recall but not as high precision, llms can still find a needle in a haystack. Traditional search it's all about precision and search at the same time. 

Computer science is all about trade-offs. 

TTFT Time to first token

# [[The 2 Hour Writer]]

# [[The War of Art]]

# [[Daily Checklist]]

# Trying new things

I hate the feeling of ambiguity when learning something completely new without instructions. When there’s no base, I hate it. I was trying to learn the keyboard, and I saw that it supports recording your own loops, however I don’t know how to use it properly and there’s no hope of finding the instructions.

I noticed that most of my life followed this pattern. Frustration. My model is trying to find a way to the outcome I envision and it’s just so hopelessly lost. 