---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-10-13
journal-end-date: 2024-10-13
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [ ] Inner Work
- [ ] AI
- [ ] Writing
- [ ] Socialization
- [ ] Meditation
- [ ] Walk
- [ ] Breathwork
- [ ] Journal


# Transits

| Time | Event |
|------|-------|
| 14:54 | Moon Enters Pisces |
| 09:02 | Mercury Square Pluto |
| 22:51 | Sun Trine Jupiter |
| 14:23 | Mercury Enters Scorpio |
| 14:23 | Moon v/c |



# Journal

## Calories
300+500+400 = 1200 + 1000 = 2200 + 470 = 2700 

10, 40, 21 = 71 - 150 = 80 15 * 4 = 60 ... 1 yogurt and you'll be fine.

# Wandering vs Lost
The one thing I don't want to do is act in a vacuum. I don't want to wander. I hate wandering. My life is crumbling before me and all I want is deliverance, and the only message the Universe has for me is wander. WTF?! This is not an answer. I need a path. I can't carve my own path when there's no support, no direction, no trail of some kind. Not because it's impossible, but because I'm not safe. I need safety first. But the Universe is taking everything from me, one by one, until I am forced to act as my option left. Why won't anyone help me? Why won't the Universe meet me part way? I'm tired of being at war with myself over the last 3 years. I need help now, and no one is coming. If anything, they are being taken away. Pavi and Nick for example. I have done everything and all I've been hit with is walls. I need to hit some sort of trail, some sort of seam and nothing is forthcoming. I am tired of inner growth. I only need outer growth now. I only need outer help. Inner help is not useful anymore. Stop withholding outer help from me.

## Venusian things
I'm obsessed with Venusian things because I am so lacking in them. I don't have wealth, I don't have pleasure, I can't have tasty food, I don't/can't have sexual pleasure. I don't have beauty, I live in a tiny house in the basement that now smells like shit all of the time because a bedridden old man (my father) can't even defecate by himself. I live in a hell. I don't get anything I want or need out of life. And what's worse, there is no foreseeable escape or transition. I feel that I am stuck here because any opportunity that I can see is blocked. My paths of escape are blocked. I am being forced to sit in this state of deprivation for some reason. It's not helping me. It's hurting me. I am being asked to sit with the pain, to not try and escape it, but why? Why make a person crave comfort, pleasure, luxury, and then orchestrate his life events so that he is in a constant state of lack, of scarcity, of depravation? 

Am I being forced to admit that I need the help of others, of society, to have my comforts that allow me to act as the noble self I believe myself to be? If so, I accept and thank others for existing. I won't hurt them anymore. I will do my best to bring them along the journey with me. If this is a lesson, then I accept it. I will respect the small for what they are and won't crush them in vengeance. I don't want to be restricted from power any more. I can't live like this any longer. In a state of constant depravation. 

I don't see what it's supposed to tell me that I don't already know or have acknowledged. Is it trying to force me to leave? To take action to escape? I already have shown that I'm willing to take action, but I haven't had any reinforcement, I've only faced ambiguity and blocks for anything even remotely unambiguous like my progression at SCJ. I am being forced both from the inside, my home, and forced from the outside. I am being crushed in the middle of existence. I can't take it any longer. I NEED HELP. I NEED A DEMONSTRATION. NO MORE LESSONS, ONLY ANSWERS, ONLY ASSISTANCE.

## Job Market
I'm scared about the current job market. Everyone suggests the risk-aversive path of staying with a job, even if you dread it, even if it causes you misery, even if there's no way to progress, even if it stifles you. Everyone states that you don't have any power, any leverage, that you should be thankful for what you have, regardless of whether work fills you with pride or dread. I don't understand how I'm supposed to be brave when the stakes are so high. There's no reason for my life to take on this shape. There are so many other scenarios that would lead to action and growth, but why this? Why the pain? Why the dread? Why am I being faced with this? Why must I walk through the darkness first? What is that going to teach me?

## Entrepreneurship 
I need to be an entrepreneur. I watched Denmo say this perfect analogy regarding entrepreneurship vs a day job: What would be better going to a concert by yourself to enjoy music you like, or, go to a concert where you don't really care about the music, but you're there with all your close friends?

I know what I would choose every single time.

I realize that I should probably do something else so that I have constraints in my life, to make my time have value, however I don't think I have the option to do anything. At this point, I need the freedom to enjoy the quality of my time. I am considering either a nice job where I can learn and grow, or a part-time job of the same, please no service though, I need something cerebral, I'm just  built that way.  Also, I could go to school. The dream would be living in a metropolitan tech hub, go to school for an AI-based degree so I have a reason to socialize and I have structure, and I'm expanding my horizons, and build my business. That plus securing my sexual needs and the skills required for that would give me a life I would find genuinely fulfilling. The only issue is money. I don't know how I'm supposed to sustain myself if I go to school however a loan might be an option. However, I'm also worried that entrepreneurship and school are mutually exclusive paths as they are both money sinks. I don't have a money generation activity. My savings may not last me that long. I do agree that it's time to change. This is certainly the way forward. I'm ready and willing and able. 
# [[The 8th son Are you kidding me]]
Miso. The difference between fermentation and rot is whether it's useful to people. The difference is the impact of the intent. Maybe being part of the nobility is the same thing. Despite the trouble that comes with it, I still need to live in this world and deal with its challenges, no matter what they are. So it's better that I live intelligently, and let others see that I'm the kind of fermenting noble that's useful to people, not rotten.


