---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-10-09
journal-end-date: 2024-10-09
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [ ] AI
- [ ] Writing
- [ ] Socialization
- [ ] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [x] Breathwork
- [ ] Journal


# Transits

| Time | Event |
|------|-------|
| 00:53 | Moon v/c |
| 04:38 | Moon Enters Capricorn |
| 02:04 | Jupiter goes Retrograde |



# Journal

Imagine what it would be like to work under a just and competent leader.

Heidegger wrote that the proper use of language was not to say what must be said, but to say what can no longer be left unsaid.

[[Dr. Orion Taraban]]
As time progressed, however, and I came to some measure of conviction in my understanding, I discovered that there were ideas inside of me that demanded expression. Writing was no longer effortful. Like ripened fruit, the words seemed to fall onto the page under the weight of their own maturity. After many years, they could no longer be left unsaid.

If you are contending with creation, be patient. Your unconscious may yet need more time to bring its issue to fruition.

# Goals meeting
This meeting didn't go as well as I had hoped. I am still far too emotionally reactive after my logical plan falls through. I start out with a certain volley, however if it gets sidetracked, I then rely on instinctual responses. I am beginning to realize that at the heart of this, is the belief that others are going to take something away from me if I listen to them. If I open myself in any way, I will get taken advantage of. As a result, I am closed and hard-headed, and don't even allow myself to process what is being said to formulate a (well thought out) reply. It's because I fear for my safety that I react emotionally. What if I knew, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that I would be safe, and that I wouldn't allow myself to be taken advantage of in any way? What if I knew, that no matter what, no one could coerce me to act in a way that is out of integrity with myself, that I would always be safe, no matter what is said to me. That I would always be able to react in a well-thought out way that gives me the space to decide. For instance, I could've listened for more information, acknowledged the suggestions, and still reiterate my original stance. Just because I have let another's perspective into my mind doesn't automatically mean that I must be consumed by it. This is the enmeshment that Scorpio and Libra have trained me to be weary of. But it doesn't need to be that way. I can remain calm and open, and after hearing what I've heard, I can judge and discern, then respond as opposed to react. This is what I am being trained for. Respond, don't react. The key to this is not willpower, it is the understanding that I will always be safe, that I will always have my back, that I can never be coerced to do something that I don't accept, against my will. I can always say no. I always have the option of walking away. I can stop being run by fear. I am safe. Nothing these fools can ever harm me. 

# Jung's Shadow
[[Carl Jung]]
The final formulation recapitulates. He who is possessed by the shadow is a self-saboteur, yet he does not merely fall into his own trappings- though such trappings are only vaguely _his_ courtesy of the shadow- but takes a certain utilitarian pride in it. Imagine walking down the street, steady gait and an horizon of purpose in your forward gaze. All of a sudden you stumble over a crooked part of the pavement and fall, but no, you refuse to concede any kind of _accident_ about you, so you quickly kneel down and feign to tie your shoe laces. Something useful came out of it, or so it appears. And that is the trick, because it _is_ effectively a _trick_. We will play tricks on ourselves to varying degrees, and according to Jung, a man possessed by the shadow will do so to the degree that life _happens to him_ in an adversarial manner, and yet, an innate intolerance to happenstance makes him wont to reframe the situation as an all around useful one.
