---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-09-08
journal-end-date: 2024-09-08
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [x] AI
- [x] Entrepreneurship
- [x] Socialization
- [x] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [x] Twitter
- [ ] Breathwork
- [ ] Second Brain

# Transits
| [[Time]] | Event |
|------|-------|
| 23:34 | Sun Opposite [[Saturn]] |
| 00:18 | [[Moon]] Enters [[Scorpio]] |
| 00:08 | [[Moon]] v/c |


# Journal 

The lesson my [[father]] is teaching me is to [[focus]] on what you can do, the work, rather than your limitations. Begrudging, complaining about your limitations is masturbatory. 

Expectations are a form of [[memory]].

If you're not going to listen to yourself, then why both dreaming?

You do not attract what you want, you attract who you are.

I'm angry because I thought by letting go of [[Victoria]] and if everything else in my past that I would be ready to move on and yet my life remains the same stagnant I'm still stuck in my prison.

[[Love]] your [[fate]] because it's yours. You can swim furiously, but at some point, you need to surrender to the current. 

Whoever you are calling in to your life is also desiring you just as much.

Mood, cynicism: I will not allow corruption of my water.

[[Amour-propre]] - Theory of mind 

[[Doubt]] vs intuition.
## Escapism
[[Escapism]]
Why is the Universe keeping me here? Why do I feel my life is a prison? I am being forced in proximity to my nuclear family, whom I despise. I hate my [[father]]. I hate my [[mother]] too. I disdain Jai, but I can't say that I hate him. He's a victim as well, however I do hate aspects of some of his actions/inaction. My [[mother]] chose her [[fate]]. My [[father]]'s choices are what has driven this family. It is all his fault. Why am I forced into proximity with this person. Why am I forced to confront him as he withers away while simultaneously taking more and more from those around him. He's so selfish. He contributed nothing to the world, and is now asking for so much in return. He won't get anything more out of me, however proximity to him forces me into obligation, and reveals that I am not dutiful, for it forces me to realize that I too shirk my duty. I'm just as bad as him, or at least cast from the same mold in this regard. I feel that he chose his obligation. He chose to start a family. No one forced him to marry. No one forced him to conceive children. I am forced to be his son. I am forced to be here. I am forced to be his son. I don't have any other option. I can't undo it. I am stained eternally. He reminds me constantly of everything I hate about myself. He reminds me that I am not nearly as evolved spiritually as I had hoped, and that in turn makes me feel as if I don't deserve [[God]]'s [[grace]], because I can't [[love]] one of his children. 

I also resent that his decay has caused the dynamic of our family to revolve around his care 24/7. I refuse to be pulled in. However, this also makes me fill dishonorable because I am allowing others to suffer while I wash my hands and shirk my duty. While I escape. He in turn is forcing my hand, making me escape from this house. I should have moved before however no opportunities presented themselves. I am still stuck at SC Johnson with no indication of a new job offer. I can't escape and I realize that finding a new job will not come in [[time]]. I realize that I am stuck here or I must suffer if I chose escape. I am damned if I do, and damned if I don't.

I feel that the universe is forcing me to accept this [[fate]]. Why?! Why should I accept this prison? Why should I take on this [[responsibility]]? To what? Take care of the [[father]] who did nothing for his family, the [[mother]] who sought [[death]] rather than take care of her son? They don't deserve it, nor do I want to oblige myself to this duty. It's not mine. It's not my choice, and I refuse to relent. So just give it up and let me go! I am not going to accept and forgive them. I can forgive them from afar, but I will not forgive them truly, because then that means that I am obliged to them, and they don't deserve it. If I can forgive them, and let them go, that is all I'm willing to do. I don't [[love]] them. I'm sorry. But I can never forgive that treatment. No matter what they do. Not while I still live here next to them. Why am I being forced into proximity with these people for my entire life?! I want out of here, and to get out of here, I simply need a job in a new locale. GET ME OUT OF HERE! 


## Forgiveness
[[Forgiveness]] is not about others, it's about you. [[Forgiveness]] means that you've internalized the lesson, and you're ready to move on. It has nothing to do with allowing or disallowing another's behavior. You don't have control over that regardless of whether you choose to forgive or not.


# AI/ML/LLM
So far, I see 8 major [[LLM]] use cases. All others are either niche or snake oil:  
  
1. [[Writing]] drafts of documents and plans.  
2. Quick idea [[validation]].  
3. Quick question answering where errors aren't critical or where answer [[validation]] is much simpler than finding an answer.  
4. Coding.  
5. Synthetic data generation and data labeling.  
6. Machine learning (finetuning and few shot prompting).  
7. [[RAG]].  
8. Virtual friend or lover.  
  
[[LLM]]-based agents and customer support chatbots promising to replace humans in these use cases are snake oil. What did I miss?

# CustomGPT - My Resume Builder
https://chatgpt.com/g/g-p21QVdnxY-my-[[resume]]-builder

# [[Puer Aeternus]]

