---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-02-13
journal-end-date: 2024-02-13
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```


# Transits
| Time | Event |
|------|-------|
| 01:10 | Moon Conjunct Neptune |
| 07:25 | Moon Enters Aries |
| 06:31 | Moon void of course |


# She's gone, she left me
[[Victoria]]

*8/22/24: italics*

It finally happened. All this time I've yearned for [[freedom]], and now that it's finally here, I find that I'm still not  ready. I am, and always was the loser in this exchange. It was she who was settling for me, the planet chose the star. I find I am fading quickly, no  supernova, just a slow cessation. Though I am in so much [[pain]], I am still glad that she will be alright. She seems to have found everything she was wanted out of life. She is ready and deserves to move on to the next chapter of her life. Now that I know she will be safe, I am now free to move on. At least I know this in theory. This wound is so fresh and pervasive, all I can do is mourn for what's been lost rather than hope for what new opportunities await. My cup empties quickly. I wonder how long the transition will be? At the present moment, I feel as if my life is over. How can I begin where I left off 10 years ago at the age of 36? It seems impossible, not just daunting. I need to find someone who loves me like her (*this is wrong*). Adores me like her. Worships me like her. I crave that [[validation]] more than anything else in this world. When at a crossroad, choose the path that aligns most with your dharma. She gave me kama in near infinite supply (*this is also wrong*), but what of dharma?

I am pained by visions of what could've been had I known what I know now. I lacked the [[wisdom]] at the time. Will future me have the same thing to say? (*no, I know what could've been and it would not have been pretty, it would have been a slow suicide*) I want everything to go back to the way they used to be. I want a reset. All this talk of dharma, [[purpose]], [[ambition]], drive...all of it rings hollow compared to what I had with her in our codependent cocoon (*at least I was aware of what was happening*). I just want her [[love]], her [[trust]], her worship. Upon the edifice/foundation of her relationship, I was free to dream big dreams, yet now they ring hollow, they are mirages without the bedrock to support them. I want [[safety]], [[security]], [[comfort]] versus the drive for [[ambition]], achievement, and [[purpose]]. But is the latter need simply the need for more narcissistic applause or do I actually have something to bring to this world (*yes*)? Is safety and [[ambition]] mutually exclusive (*I am finding the answer to this question to be yes*)?

She doesn't feel the same way as you, you idiot. You are mourning a story, not who she is now, or has been for years. She doesn't feel the same way about you any more. I confessed to her again. I begged essentially, but she still said no (*thank God*). She cannot take the gamble on me. She doesn't believe I can lover her like she needs to be loved. She is with someone much more  compatible. She told me to learn from this lesson. This is what loss looks like.


