---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-09-26
journal-end-date: 2024-09-26
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [ ] Workout
- [ ] Inner Work
- [ ] AI
- [ ] Writing
- [ ] Socialization
- [ ] Meditation
- [ ] Walk
- [ ] Breathwork
- [ ] Journal


# Transits

| [[Time]] | Event |
|------|-------|
| 17:47 | [[Moon]] Enters [[Leo]] |
| 03:08 | [[Mercury]] Enters [[Libra]] |
| 17:12 | [[Moon]] v/c |


# Journal

I get really sad, triggered, when I expect things to be a certain way because I followed the rules, but then they don't work for me. I feel like I'm the exception, that I'm being treated unfairly. I tried to edit a power BI visual today and no matter what I did, no matter what rules I followed, nothing I did made a difference. I had a lot of emotional baggage during and especially after my creation session. Part of me realized that this is how I'm to practice temperance but it really doesn't feel good and I feel behind. I also feel lost. 

I'm sad that Jupiter retrograde is going to start October 9th all the way till February 2025. It feels like I'm just now getting a little bit of possible luck and movement in my fate and it's all going to be taken away before it even began. I'm finding it very difficult to stomach How long I need to wait for some sort of change. Again I feel that this is unfair, I am constantly being struck by the self-pity from being the victim of unfairness. I don't know what to do with this emotion, because just sucking it up isn't an answer I'm ready for. In the end it still puts me in a deficit. Regardless of how I feel about the deficit, it's affects will remain. Self-pity on top of being in the red just makes you feel worse. Self-effectimization doesn't bring you anything besides the inflation of ego, but it's a red balloon not a white balloon.

Pavi will enable my chrysalis digesting enzyme.

“The impediment to action advances action. What stands in the way becomes the way.”
-[[Marcus Aurelius]]

“people are our proper occupation. Our job is to do them good and put up with them…Our actions may be impeded by them, but there can be no impeding our intentions or our dispositions. Because we can accommodate and adapt. The mind adapts and converts to its own purposes the obstacle to our acting. The impediment to action advances action. What stands in the way becomes the way.”
-[[Marcus Aurelius]]

...these are constant opportunities to practice [[virtue]]: [[courage]] by standing firm in your principles, [[justice]] by treating others fairly, [[temperance]] by controlling your [[emotions]], and [[wisdom]] by understanding and adapting to others. People are endless, people are complicated…they presented us unlimited opportunities to practice all sorts of [[virtue]]. Not always the [[virtue]] we wanted, but an opportunity none the less.

So when others impede or disrupt your efforts today, remember—they’re not causing problems; they’re offering you opportunities. They are not an impediment, they are the way. Making good on these opportunities and treating people well? It is your “proper occupation.”
-[[Ryan Holiday]]

# Start by asking yourself these questions

What is stopping me from being authentically me right now?

Why am I letting external expectations define my [[self]]-worth?

What [[fear]] am I avoiding by focusing on future goals rather than addressing what’s really happening inside me today?

# Stifledness
Here’s what I want you to do:
Ask yourself why. Next [[time]] you feel that stifled [[energy]], don’t ask, “What do I do now?”—ask “Why do I feel this way? When did this start?” That’s where the real answers are.

Recognize the resistance. When you start feeling that tightness inside, don’t fight it. Fighting it only makes it stronger. Instead, lean into it and understand what’s triggering it.

Let go. Once you identify the root cause, it’s [[time]] to release it. The more you let go of the resistance, the more naturally charismatic and expressive you’ll become. No more forcing it.