---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-03-09
journal-end-date: 2024-03-09
journal-section: day
---
```calendar-nav
```

# Daily [[Gratitude]]

I went to the sauna with Reid for the first time. It felt amazing and I had a stimulating conversation with him and someone new we met named Fitzel. They both complimented my passion for knowledge and skill for distilling abstract concepts as well as synthesizing disparate streams of knowledge into useful, digestible amalgams. I [[love]] expanding horizons of thought and belief. My [[Jupiter]] in the 9th house.

[[Master-pet-dynamic]]

[[Hero]]

[[37% rule]] related to [[Optimal stopping]].

# #dream
Prior to the previous sequence I was in a dream where I was in the basement and I was trying to program a [[sex]] chat bot it was partly out of curiosity because I knew the your skills would drive me and my horniness would also drive me to Try to Find An Answer It Was Feeling my Curiosity and I Really Wanted to see if it would work how it would work I don't know go down the rabbit hole I was very eager I think I went and encountered some hurdle and so I went to my dad and then we were talking and he was talking about how you know when I was young, he had a job working for Radio Shack or something, and he was just kind of taking the conversation to be about him, and how he failed, 

and I was just trying to say no I brought up the conversation because of a different reason.
* He was making the conversation about him and his life

# #dream 
I had a Dream that started with me I was watching a movie and it appeared to be a romance and it got to the [[sex]] scene and it's kind of actually pretty graphic so I'm like oh wow someone came into the room and I was waiting for this person because apparently there was this person named Aniya who was my Relative "Ania" and she had some sort of like life change or she found a new boyfriend or husband or something like that they were getting married and so this boyfriend was coming and giving me the key to their house or something like that. He wanted to show me their new house and I was like "who is Ania so he's like okay, let's go and find her. The house I was in reminded me of Kuku auntie's house so he brought on a tour he shows me some of his muscles I see his penis it was quite large but wasn't too distracting, and I say to myself "wow that's kind of embarrassing but whatever" and then he brings me on a tour of what he does and it's kind of like this like homeless shelter type thing and he just guides me on a tour unlike how his [[purpose]] is for helping the homeless and my helping people and while I'm on the tour I start feeling very sorry for these people feeling like wow  these people really do need help and like the world really sucks that it put them in this situation though I do feel apprehensive about being roped in because he is selling me on becoming like the community service worker and I'm like I don't know if I want to do that. He was selling me on the concept of being a community service worker, to be engage in [[self]]-less service, non-profit work, through [[guilt]]. 

He's giving me examples on how he works with various people in the community and he did say something about "When you choose a wrong path, in a Christian way, you meekly accept that it was the wrong path and never walk that path again. Walk a different path (and never forget) or something along those lines. I don't remember the wording also throughout this dream I was like eating the pepperoni or something and it kept on being stuck to the roof of my mouth the entire time, almost like candy. 

From the dream I kind of got ideas that I should revisit my [[purpose]] perhaps but I also got the ick or bad vibes from just being roped in to some community service effort. I didn't like that I was being coerced or sold onto the concept however I do remember thinking that this type of community service was actually useful to me as an American vs the type of community service suggested by Sikhism where the langar only benefits people who can already feed themselves, and people that are not part of my community.


