---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-03-01
journal-end-date: 2024-03-01
journal-section: day
---
 
```calendar-nav
```

# Transits
| [[Time]] | Event |
|------|-------|
| 03:52 | [[Mercury]] Sextile [[Jupiter]] |


# Journal

I wanted change. That's all I wished for. Well, this is change! Have fun... If not this, then something better. Wherever I am right now is exactly where I'm meant to be. Even in these moments when I'm experiencing [[rejection]], that is protection. Was I being protected from a life with [[Victoria]] where she would enact her vengeance on me and I could never leave. She had always said that she had a repressed narcissistic side. It is  starting to awaken. I must have sensed it when I confessed to her. 

My impatience and need for speed may come from test [[anxiety]]. Perhaps I am naturally slow and methodical but have artificially quickened myself (overboard) over the [[fear]] that I'm not fast enough to complete  the test in [[time]]. 

The ups in life aren't charity. The downs in life aren't punishment. [[Fate]] wants you to grow. Develop. Evolve for it's own ends that you aren't privy to. You are one piece of a grand design. Enjoy your ride for what it is. Your layout is for a grand experiment. To see if you, [[Amrit]], can do it. It will keep bringing you back until the experiment progresses stage by stage. If [[fate]] wants to use me, perhaps I can use [[fate]]?

I keep thinking that there will be some chance that [[Victoria]] and I will get back together and that I will get the chance to make things right and that things can  go back to t he way they were, or how they were supposed to be. The hope still lives. Despite all logic pointing to the fact hat we were simply incompatible and forced together for 10 years into a [[pain]]-bond by [[fate]]. It wasn't either of our choices. [[Victoria]] was  finally able to make a  choice. I'm just in [[pain]] because  I wasn't in a place to make a choice. But I made (sic) my choice in Milwaukee. But... I don't feel like I was (able) to make a choice then. Felt forced. I am traumatized by my [[time]] in Milwaukee. I broke. I was never able to move on from that [[time]]. My mind and soul shattered. My heart shattered, because some part of me loved [[Victoria]] and I abandoned her.

The pivotal point of our relationship was  when I was at my most vulnerable and exposed my true feelings regarding my attraction to her (I came out to her), and she responded by completely shutting down and destroying our relationship, our dream together. She sabotaged my chance we had. My exposition was meant to/supposed to galvanize her. Get her/motivate her to be better, try better, try harder, for me sake, to become worthy of being on my team. That would also let me know that I am worth fighting for. She didn't fight for me. She just collapsed, became a worthless slob of a human being, couldn't even brush her teeth. She weighed us  down and we both eventually drowned.  I was abandoned. When the moment of [[truth]] came,  she abandoned me. *This* is our incompatibility. This is of course, my fault. I should have respected myself and erected a boundary when she first told me she was fat. Who knows, she may have stayed and worked on it. I was too scared of being alone for so long. So desperate. I sacrificed myself. How can [[Victoria]] and remain friends after all of this? The biggest [[pain]] is that I can't tell her any of this. 

She told me I was good, powerful, a hero, that I was necessary and needed, that I was important. That I had inherent value. No on could/would abandon you then . I need to reclaim this first and foremost as well as heal the [[abandonment]] wound. 

If I make this through this, I will gain an immeasurable amount of [[self]]-[[trust]].

When I lose something irrevocably, the [[pain]] of loss doesn't teach me anything. I can't/don't learn because the [[pain]] of loss is so severe that it blinds me. I reel and stumble and [[focus]] on managing the [[pain]] rather than learning from it. I am reminded of the [[time]] where I got the chance to work at a cigarette shop when I was young, but blew the chance because I read a book on the first day of the job (hubris) which demonstrated poor work ethic. No matter how badly I wanted a second chance, there was no mercy. 

Ironically, [[pain]] is my only teacher because I never want to learn from example. I lack the [[faith]] necessary to displace my own hubris, assuredness, and [[trust]] in any perspective other than my own. 

My [[identity]] came from having a girlfriend, have a partner. Having a lady who worshipped me, who made me a worthy lord. I am an example of why one should/must earn their [[power]]. It's so rare to treat [[power]] right the first [[time]].
## Heidi Priebe 
Live is the feeling of learning  things through another person, of being exposed to new ways of understanding the world, and ourselves, and other people, and our identities merge with the other. This can happen to a wildly unhealthy extend. We construct a shared [[identity]] out of pieces of each other. We form a new understanding of how we see the world through each other's eyes. When the attachment ends, it's our job to figure out what parts of that shared reality we want to reintegrate and reclaim as part of my [[identity]], not just a consequence of the new dead attachment. 

[[Trust]] in the process of moving through the void of someone's absence and noticing and staying present with it, this can and will absorb the loss. You get to decide in the void, what you keep as you move forward in life. can't dissociate or avoid or you  won't grow. Moving through the void changes you on a fundamental level. You will know when  you have passed through the void when you feel changed, when you don't feel  like you need to go back to that other person in reality or in your mind in order to reap the benefit of having had that connection. I will have integrated that need into me and found other ways to fill that need.

You'll know you've arrived on the other side of the void when you look at your life and know that your are a different person than who  you were when you first met that person. You may still value them as human being but you no longer need them to fill the attachment role in your life, because you have integrated the parts of that relationship that were once invaluable to you, and you are now able to  show up for yourself in that way. As a result, there's no [[risk]] of backsliding.

An attachment figure (secure and insecure) are people who we go to for coregulation, consistent mirroring, and to have our needs for comfort, safety, and support met. In secure people, when these needs are no longer met, the attachment begins to fade. 

