---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-08-04
journal-end-date: 2024-08-04
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [x] AI
- [ ] Entrepreneurship
- [ ] Socialization
- [ ] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [x] Twitter
- [x] Breathwork
- [x] Second Brain

# Journal

I realized that the biggest burden I carry in life is wondering whether it was all worth it. If I learned that all of my suffering, all of my wasted potential, all of the [[adversity]] I have faced and caused to myself; if I learned that it was all worth it, that it all contributed to a positive outcome such as me achieving my dreams, finding and fulfilling my [[purpose]] in life; I could finally allow myself to be happy.

I don't think I am capable of [[happiness]] until this is proven to me. Until I am able to prove it to myself. I can't forgive myself for all of the time I've wasted. All of the potential I've wasted. However, my barometer of [[success]] of [[failure]] is based on society's expected trajectory. It is not indicative of true [[success]]. There's still a possibility that I can turn this around. I can see a world where every one of these experiences and events was necessary to mold me into who I am now which is the only type of person that can attain the outcome necessary to fulfill my life's work, the great work. I have a unique background and constitution. Straight [[success]] would have created a constrained mind. I am divergent. I've never allowed myself convergence. I've never been allowed the luxury of convergence.

If I allowed myself to believe that, to know that all of my circumstances couldn't have been any other way, and that I won't just be some hobbled, mutilated, disabled, cripple whose only glory will be to simply cross the finish line in last place; but as an elite member of the human race who had to be shaped by the crucible of suffering into a form unrecognized by the world so far; my elation would be endless. If I could be as I see myself as, not as the world sees me; I could be happy. If I could see myself how I see myself, not as the world sees me, I could finally be happy. But I can't. I am an empiricist. The evidence is on the wall, and I can't be anything other than my actions. So far, my actions haven't amounted to much because I am unworthy of investment. 

I would be happy if I knew it was all worth it...
# [[Brain Computer Interface (BCI)]]

# [[Fear]]



