---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-04-09
journal-end-date: 2024-04-09
journal-section: day
tags:
  - unlinked
---
```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## So Much Depends on Reputation

In the social realm, appearances are the barometer of almost all our judgments, and you must never be misled into believing otherwise. One false slip, one awkward or sudden change in your appearance, can prove disastrous. This is the reason for the supreme importance of making and maintaining a reputation that is of your own creation. That reputation will protect you in the dangerous game of appearances, distracting the probing eyes of others from knowing what you are really like, and giving you a degree of control over how the world judges you—a powerful position to be in. Reputation has a [[power]] like magic: With one stroke of its wand, it can double your strength. It can also send people scurrying away from you. Whether the exact same deeds appear brilliant or dreadful can depend entirely on the reputation of the doer. Reputation therefore is a treasure to be carefully collected and hoarded. Especially when you are first establishing it, you must protect it strictly, anticipating all attacks on it. Once it is solid, do not let yourself get angry or defensive at the slanderous comments of your enemies—that reveals [[insecurity]], not [[confidence]] in your reputation. Take the high road instead, and never appear desperate in your [[self]]-defense.

> Daily Law: Reputation is the cornerstone of [[power]]. Through reputation alone you can intimidate and win; once it slips, however, you are vulnerable, and will be attacked on all sides. Never let others define it for you.
> 
> _The 48 Laws of Power_, Law 5: So Much Depends on Reputation—Guard It with Your Life

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: Write about a time when you overcame a fear.
Yesterday. My entire solar eclipse [[adventure]] was an exercise in harnessing Arian energy to overcome my fears. 
- My initial major fear was that I had never driven for that long (what would I do with the boredom?), 
- I have never driven that far (all kinds of wrong things could happen in unknown territory and I wouldn’t be close to home, to safety, comfort), 
- what to do with the dissatisfaction I would feel if I finally got there and found that it wasn’t worth investment, 
- what consequences would there be at work for taking the day off, 
- how would I get there? I had never planned my own trip before.
- What would I do if I used up my vacation time on this frivolity and wouldn’t have enough vacation time remaining to use for something more useful like [[moving out]] of my parents’ house or going on a vacation some place that would require 10 days minimum. 
- How would I manage my food and nutrition? I could make the wrong choices, I could set myself further back from my goals.

## [[Fear]]
I fear a lot. I am run by fear. But it is a certain type of fear in that is future-facing, projected fear. I am projecting outcomes in an effort to avoid a painful (future) present. **Ironically this projecting is so consuming due to the sharpness and activity of my mind, that it consumes my present. In an effort to save my present, I am destroying my present.** I see too much. With this [[vision]], I am paralyzed by prophecy. I can project so many outcomes both laterally (various possibilities) as well as longitudinally (farther into the future). 

This ability has great value when applied appropriately however I do this instinctually and as a result, it is like a rogue sub-routine. I should apply the [[pareto principle]] to my fears, my [anxiety]’s. Foresight, planning, this is all adaptive, except when it’s not and this solar eclipse situation has demonstrated that many of the logical underpinnings of my fears were correct and that they did save me, however they were so easily navigated and so ephemeral, that they truly weren’t worth the emotional weight, the [[inertia]] that they carried. I have to spend energy fighting, pushing against these inertias and it depletes me and often, I am not left with enough energy to act, to execute my will because I spent it all combatting my [[emotions]]. 

## Bias (fear) against the unknown
Thoughts do not have inherent fear [[values]], those are [[values]] that I attribute to them. I am biased in my calculations and assign much more fear to anything uncertain simply because it is unknown. It is a bias that is no longer serving me.
# [[PKMS]] vs DBMS
Today I realized that database management software, software that translates how data is conceptually organized for use in the real world vs how it is organized physically relates closely to PKMS and the [[Second Brain]] concept. A [[second brain]] maps and organizes our thoughts in a logical way rather than according to neuronal patterns that we (I) do not fully understand. My subjective experience of the natural method of knowledge management is that it is entirely intuitive. Perhaps with pneumonic devices such as the mind-museum/library, it is a bit more structured, but altogether I feel that I accidentally stumble onto my thoughts, memories, realizations, etc. A major [[constraint]] is certainly [[memory]] which realistically refers to the ability to retrieve data when required. 

## I am at a crossroads: Data science vs Writing
I am starting to wonder where my life is headed, what I should devote my life to. I want to write but I also feel like I am so far behind and my heroes are so great, that perhaps devoting my life to that calling may result in a life of material [[failure]] (which is okay for art, journey before destination). However, I am also realizing that studying and learning data science and generative ai could aid me in my true endeavors. What I am doing in data science is exactly what I am trying to do with my mind. With the correct organization, I can bring my dream of writing a fantasy novel to reality by using tools as a shortcut to the level mastery required to realize my [[vision]].

# Novel
My novel will be a didactic exercise.

# Ink Experimentation

```handwritten-ink
{
	"versionAtEmbed": "0.1.172",
	"filepath": "Ink/Writing/2024.3.9 - 18.51pm.writing"
}
```
## writing a novel
```handwritten-ink
{
	"versionAtEmbed": "0.1.172",
	"filepath": "Ink/Writing/2024.3.9 - 18.56pm.writing"
}
```
I don't think that Ink is ready yet. The character limit is too restrictive.

# The Mountain is You
## Exercise

>Take a piece of paper and a pen, and write down everything you aren’t happy with. Write down, very specifically, every single problem you face. If you are struggling with finances, you need a very clear picture of what’s wrong. Write down every debt, every bill, every asset, and every bit of income. If you are struggling with [[self]]-image, write down exactly what you dislike about yourself. If it is anxiety, write down everything that bothers or upsets you.

# Exxxotica
>Seemed like a pretty normal expo [[environment]], all things considered. Just be sure to bring small bills — lots of the performers there usually require a tip for pics and the like

>Mostly meh, show floor is pretty small, you'll see the whole thing in 45 minutes.


