---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-06-22
journal-end-date: 2024-06-22
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Control What You Reveal

> Never start moving your own lips and teeth before the subordinates do. The longer I keep quiet, the sooner others move their lips and teeth. As they move their lips and teeth, I can thereby understand their real intentions. . . . If the sovereign is not mysterious, the ministers will find opportunity to take and take.
> 
> —Han Fei-tzu

[[Power]] is in many ways a game of appearances, and when you say less than necessary, you inevitably appear greater and more powerful than you are. Your silence will make other people uncomfortable. Humans are machines of interpretation and explanation; they have to know what you are thinking. When you carefully control what you reveal, they cannot pierce your intentions or your meaning. Your short answers will put them on the defensive, and they will jump in, nervously filling the silence with all kinds of comments that will reveal valuable information about them and their weaknesses. They will leave a meeting with you feeling as if they had been robbed, and they will go home and ponder your every word. This extra attention to your brief comments will only add to your [[power]].

> Daily Law: Powerful people impress and intimidate by saying less.
> 
> _The 48 Laws of Power_, Law 4: Always Say Less Than Necessary


# Morning Journal

1. What’s something I’m grateful for?
	1. 
2. What’s something I’m excited about?
	1. 
3. What is a [[virtue]] I want to exhibit?
	1. 
4. What’s something I’m avoiding?
	1. 
5. What’s the one thing I need to do?
	1. 



# Misc

My journal was deleted today.

App idea:
- EZ [[neurofeedback]] - record your own [[neurofeedback]] states and then overlay them on your own music or provided [[neurofeedback]] algorithms/states.
- Posture Helper - already exists
## Planet Fitness Girl

Talked to that girl at Razor Fitness today, pink short/bag girl. I finally worked up the nerve to go and talk to her. I did this by ignoring the hamstering, blocking both the emotional path (fear), and the analytical path that I know was hijacked. I just acted. It didn’t go so great, she was cold, disinterested. She was also 22. Her name was Paisley, Patricia, Patty, Kelsey, something with a P. I had this written down but due to an [[Obsidian]] error, this note has been erased. For some reason, it didn’t create a backup. I was a bit too nervous. Oh well, she didn’t seem interested in me anyways, no loss. But I may end up regretting losing her name. I wasn’t hurt that she ultimately rejected me. We weren’t compatible. She was super young. She has been working out for 5 years, she doesn’t like content creators, she works out every day, active rest days, and she seemed closed off. She made to leave and I respected that the interaction was over. We weren’t compatible and I’m okay with that. Thankfully Razor Fitness isn’t my gym so I won’t see her very often. 

What matters is that I acted. I thought that doing this would cause some profound shift in me but it turns out that I did it, it happened, and then I was free to move on with my life. I don’t even remember her name! I need to work on staying present during these anxious conversations, but for the most part, this is a huge step forward, even if it doesn’t feel that way.

I feel [[regret]] for not remembering her name, even if I did write it down here before my notes were deleted. I feel like I need to make sure this can never happen again. What if it were more important notes? Oh well, if I run into her again, it her name is the difference between making things happen or not, I’ll just find something else. It’s not like she was super attractive from her face, her body is pristine though. I feel a blossoming abundance mindset. 

# [[Philosophize This! - Episode 116 Structuralism and [[Mythology]] pt 1]]



