---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-04-21
journal-end-date: 2024-04-21
journal-section: day
---
```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Be Merciless with Your Enemies

> The remnants of an enemy can become active like those of a disease or fire. Hence, these should be exterminated completely. One should never ignore an enemy, knowing him to be weak. He becomes dangerous in due course, like the spark of fire in a haystack.
> 
> —Kautilya, third century BC.

“Crush the enemy” is a key strategic tenet of Sun Tzu, the fourth-century BC author of _The Art of War_. The idea is simple: your enemies wish you ill. There is nothing they want more than to eliminate you. If, in your struggles with them, you stop halfway or even three-quarters of the way, *out of mercy or hope of reconciliation*, you only make them more determined, more embittered, and they will someday take [[revenge]]. They may act friendly for the time being, *but this is only because you have defeated them*. **They have no choice** but to bide their time.

The solution: Have no mercy. **Crush your enemies as totally as they would crush you**. Ultimately the only [[peace]] and [[security]] you can hope for from your enemies *is their disappearance*. It is not, of course, a question of murder, it is a question of banishment. Sufficiently weakened and then exiled from your court forever, your enemies are rendered harmless. And if they cannot be banished, at least understand that they are plotting against you, and pay no heed to whatever friendliness they feign.

> Daily Law: Judge your enemies carefully, looking at their past patterns. Sometimes it is best to convert them into an ally and neutralize them. But with others it only pays to be merciless and crush them totally.
> 
> _The 48 Laws of Power_, Law 15: Crush Your Enemy Totally—Learn to Keep People Dependent on You

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: Think about a time when you learned something valuable from a mistake.

I learned (or am learning) to not drift, to not blindly accept what [[Fate]] has to offer me if it is against my desires, only due to [[Scarcity]]. My relationship with [[Victoria]] taught me that. I thought Ori was the only person I would ever get from the world because no other opportunity had presented itself. I was desperate to end the [[uncertainty]] of no decision, of no conceivable path forward. While she gave me a path forward, ten years later, I learned that just because it is a path doesn’t mean it’s the right path for me. In hindsight (understanding that of course it was necessary and couldn’t have happened any other way), almost any decision other than a ten year relationship with Ori would have been more favorable. I only needed to grow in order to seize those other paths.

## Data Engineer Offer
### [[Scarcity]]
Is it the same now? Am I simply repeating the past once again, the same thing I did going into disability underwriting, the same as I had done with [[Victoria]]? In each, I was stuck in a rut, and an [[opportunity]] had come my way, and I latched onto it as the only path forward. However, looking back, I realize that each of these opportunities were a path forward, but did they have to be the path forward indefinitely? Did I have to walk that path unerringly? In each situation, I stubbornly and fearfully clung onto each opportunity as if it were my last, even when I had determined that it wasn’t right form me. This was [[scarcity]].

### Data science
I don’t feel that way this time. After reading [[Homo Deus]], I realized that perhaps my path in life lies in [[data science]], in apotheosis through technology. [[Apotheosis]] resonates with my [[soul]]. It is as close of a [[purpose]] as would be writing to change how the world thinks, to guide the world story. This data engineer position is a tangible path forward towards my dream of techno-apotheosis, or at least the closest I can get to it. I want to [[transcend]] the shackles of ordinary human existence. 

### [[Path dependence]]
I have been stuck in life because I am too scared to act. Part of this [[Fear]] is due to avoiding [[path dependence]], where I won’t deviate once I start something. Therefore the only way to avoid such a [[pain]] is to never start anything. This leads to [[stagnation]], inaction. However now I have enough negative experiences with [[path dependence]] to know that it simply isn’t worth it sometimes. The cost is too great. I need [[flexibility]] and [[Courage]] to deviate from a path when necessary. I can only when deviation is necessary by actually going out in the world and trying things, take action. I will never truly know a thing without experiencing it. I have 36 years of theoretical research. I need to apply myself, succeed, or even fail, but learn from that [[failure]] and have the [[Courage]] to [[pivot]].

# Mutual Exclusivity
Is this opportunity mutually exclusive. Does walking this path have an [[opportunity cost]]? If I choose this route, to lose access to a future that is more aligned with what would make me the most [[happy]]? Perhaps because I cannot currently conceive of what would make me the most happy, and as a result, I can’t conceive of a route to get to a place I don’t know exists. Is this worth [[inaction]] though? Is inaction, [[inertia]], [[drifting]], the answer? Surely drifting is not the answer however my current life as a DDS cannot be characterized as anything other than drifting.

## [[Appetitive]] vs [[Aversive]] Drives

My decision to take on the data engineer role has become more [[appetitive]] towards becoming a data scientist after reading [[Homo Deus]]. Prior, it was primarily [[aversive]] to get away from being a DDS. 

One of my primary goals and motivations is to leave Wisconsin, my [[home]]. This is an [[aversive]] drive. I don't have any real idea where I want to go I just know I want to leave here. Are [[aversive]] drives good enough? They lead me to [[unknown]]s, areas that I may not have thought through. Being [[aversive]] is [[risk]]y because the starting point is fully known but the end points are varied and [[uncertain]]. They may lead down paths that don't have my beat interests at [[heart]].
### [[Freedom]]

Wanting [[financial freedom]] may be more [[aversive]] than I realized. Do I really want to live life as my [[father]]? Tinkering everyday but producing nothing of [[value]] to the world or those around him. He had the freedom, but what did it bring? Are [[constraints]] necessary to bring value to the world?

# [[Building a Second Brain]]

## PARA 
Four main categories of information
1. Projects - short-term objectives, actionable, tasks. Specific objective.
3. Areas - medium term, no definite end date or final objective, area of [[responsibility]].
4. Resources - long term.
5. Archives - no term. 

Organize by actionability.

### Kitchen metaphor


## 4 is the magic number
Research has shown that four is the highest number that we can hold in our minds at a gland without any extra effort



# Listen to your body, your [[inner voice]], your [[intuition]] 
I know I am done eating when my mind starts wandering and I seek distraction such as going for a screen or phone. This will happen well before my [[gluttony]] subsides. 

# [[Thought]] → action

## [[Karmic]] seeds

Thoughts are karmic seeds that are planted into the soil of the [[External World]]. The thought is planted and the resulting action is the sprout that shoots out of the soil (your immediate [[Environment]]) and is [[nourished]] through it’s karmic repercussions, reactions, and through this feedback loop, the thought becomes [[manifest]] as a plant that bears karmic fruit, the outcome of the seed, the tangible, usable [[effect]] of your [[cause]]. 

### This journal is the soil

[[Word]]s are the soil. Language is the intermediate layer between thought/desire and action/manifestation. 

## [[Cognitive]] [[catharsis]]

You must regularly clear, clean, [[metabolize]], [[process]], [[express]] your [[thought]]s or they will clog your mind-space. They fester and rot, and the smell of their rotting, they constantly remind you of their existence. The smell of rot is distracting and over time, you lose the ability to think clearly. 

This snowballs into not being able to [[respond]] to your [[Environment]] accurately because you can’t hear, [[perceive]] due to the [[distract]]ion, which in turn snowballs into not being able to [[act]] appropriately. 

# [[AI]]

# Idea: [[NLP]] auto-tagger

Utilize NLP [[lemmatization]] and [[stemming]] to tag any words in a lexicon. Tagging it once will automatically tag all future occurrences regardless of word stems.

## NLP Techniques
1. Stemming
2. Part-of-speech (POS) Tagging
3. Dependency Parsing
4. Named Entity Recognition (NER)
5. Word Sense Disambiguation]
6. Language Modeling

# [[PKMS]]
#to-do 
Explore a way to automatically embed all backlinks in the central node note. E.g. (exempli gratia = for example), the note for [[PKMS]] would act as a MOC (map of content) that would automatically embed this block because it is under the heading [[PKMS]].

# Task: create task workflow in [[Obsidian]]
#to-do 

# [[Earth]]: The opposite of [[Anxiety]]
is [[contentment]], inner [[peace]], [[tranquility]], and [[stoicism]]. If anxiety is likened to excess [[air]], that means that [[earth]] traits will compensate.

## [[Earth]] traits
1. Stability - unchanging.
2. Practicality - tangibility, realism.
3. Groundedness - balanced, calm, connected to reality.
4. Patience - slow and steady.
5. Nurturing - support others. 

## [[Growth mindset]]
The [[Growth]] in [[growth mindset]] refers to the growth of plants, or organic life. Of a sprout shooting through its seed, through the ground, shooting towards [[the Sun]], steadily pushing, like a tree. Slowly but steadily, unrelenting.

### Copilot inquiry: I subscribe to [[growth mindset]] but…
I also believe in a "grooved slate". There is an element of [[determinism]] in the universe and while there is freedom to deviate, there will be gravity or [[resistance]] to go against your nature or momentum, there is an element of [[inertia]] going against [[Path dependence]].

# I don't stop when I'm tired, I stop when I'm done.
-[[David Goggins]]
[[Adversity]]

# Error is [[discipline]] through which we advance.
-[[William Ellery Channing]]

# From where do I derive my [[Confidence]]?

## What if it's a choice?
### [[external validation]] 
From the [[outcome]]. Proof. [[Empiricism]]. This is based on my belief that empiricism makes a thing real, valid, tangible, true. Outcome [[dependent]]. [[Deterministic]] based on environmental forces. Empiricism is reliable as it is external to me. My/human inherent nature is change. [[Objective]]. The burden of proof lies in the results, outcomes of my actions. 

### internal [[validation]] 
From within, fully [[autonomous]], independent of outcome. Internal locus of control. [[Agency]]. [[Freedom]]. [[Subjective]].

I believe that it is intangible, changing, and therefore unreliable. No constancy. I am fully in control, I am free to fail. I am fully [[responsible]] and accountable for my failures. The burden of proof lies with … what?

The [[Self]] is [[self]]-evident. Its meaning is inherent. That is its biggest strength. The [[independence]] of outcome means that it will always be available.

The problem now is…where to find it? Where to attach the wires? The veins? 

I need to know my internal validator in order to hook my [[confidence]] up to it. I need to know who I am first. Then I can draw from the wellspring. 

## just give yourself [[Approval]]

I'm doing it all for approval. All of the external [[validation]] is approval seeking. I am seeking it everywhere other than from the one person who I actually want it from, from the one person who can actually give it to me, permanently, unerringly, **myself**. 

My [[inner parent]] doesn't approve of me. It looks down on me. It is disgusted by me. 

*All of this [[confidence]], [[self-esteem]], [[Anxiety]], everything is just a matter of rewiring approval seeking inwards and then retraining my [[inner parent]] to unquestionably approve, reinforce, show up for and be a true parent to my [[inner child]]. To never abandon myself again. A pact. A promise. Demonstrated through action. Unerringly*. 

Give yourself the approval and bypass all of these overgrown and unreliable circuits. 