---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-03-05
journal-end-date: 2024-03-05
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Transits
| Time | Event |
|------|-------|
| 15:14 | Moon Enters Capricorn |
| 14:23 | Mercury Sextile Uranus |
| 09:40 | Moon void of course |



# Journal
One day, when I  have suffered enough alone, when I endure this misery for long enough, I will have paid my dues, and I can connect with other(s) again. I still crave deep connection. To be seen, to be heard, to be *known*, to *understood*. I feel that this isolation is a punishment, a prison sentence. I lived this way for so long...it was horrible. I don't want to repeat that again. To be so unstimulated. I'm so boring as my only company...unless I am in flow. Either I need to constantly be in flow or I am bored, restless, uncomfortable. Endless flow just sounds like dissociation. The truth regarding missing Victoria is that I  just want attention, adoration, connection. She is also boring and limited in many ways. In an earlier journal, I lamented that I was  terribly unstimulated. Yes this way narcissism, but there was also the hint of truth. A person can be both right and wrong. 

The reason I quit being a technical was because I have no idea what I am doing and I winged it. I feared I wouldn't be able to repeat the performance. It was a spectacle, a facade.

Nothing is ever as easy as I think it's going to be. If that applies to me and my lofty goals, that surely applies to others and whatever level of goals they have. No matter the level of goals they  have. No matter the level of goals they have, their frustration is the same and deserves compassion.

Pessimism is correct, but only at scale. For personal  life and self-development, optimism is the most adaptive. 

Doubt may be an unpleasant condition, but uncertainty is absurd. --Voltaire


# FF14
When you devour another, as through domination, you dilute  your essence, diminish yourself.

A friend is having someone to play with. Why brave the cosmos just to find someone to play with?


