---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-11-08
journal-end-date: 2024-11-08
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [ ] AI
- [ ] Writing
- [ ] Socialization
- [x] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [x] Breathwork
- [ ] Journal


# Transits

| Time | Event |
|------|-------|
| 00:00 | Moon in Aquarius |



# Journal

# Dread / Anxiety
I feel daily dread upon waking up, just as I remember who I am. It's when I realize that I need to go to  work. I've felt this is my entire life, it's the same motif repeated over and over again. As soon as I made the decision to leave SCJ, my anxiety seemed to have lifted, it's lighter now, however I get anxiety pangs still. While walking, I realized that the anxiety pangs might be due to something different. I felt peace because I decided to leave SCJ by pursuing my own path. I freed myself to fulfill my purpose, however now I'm not doing what needs to be done. It's not necessarily that I need outcomes straight away, but I don't believe me. If I don't believe my own words, I will keep feeling fear. Because ultimately, I am responsible for myself now. Freedom = responsibility. You can't have one without the other. You don't know the way, and you don't need to, the path will reveal itself, however you need to walk first. It will reveal itself a few steps at a time. You will be free of this dread when you act and convince yourself that you're taking yourself seriously. Right now, you're only partially convinced. Take yourself seriously. Taking yourself seriously means that you are doing something that will replace your source of income from SCJ that you'll be losing. 





