---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-06-26
journal-end-date: 2024-06-26
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Never Conventional

> No one is so brave that he is not disturbed by something unexpected.
> 
> —Julius Caesar

The unconventional is generally the province of the young, who are not comfortable with conventions and take great pleasure in flouting them. The danger is that as we age, we need more comfort and predictability and lose our Taste for the unorthodox. This is how Napoleon declined as a strategist: he came to rely more on the size of his army and on its superiority in weapons than on novel strategies and fluid maneuvers. He lost his Taste for the spirit of strategy and succumbed to the growing weight of his accumulating years. You must fight the psychological aging process even more than the physical one, for a mind full of stratagems, tricks, and fluid maneuvers will keep you young. Keep the wheels turning and churning the soil so that nothing settles and clumps into the conventional.

> Daily Law: Make a point of breaking the habits you have developed, of acting in a way that is contrary to how you have operated in the past; practice a kind of unconventional warfare on your own mind.
> 
> _The 33 Strategies of War_, Strategy 24: Take the Line of Least Expectation—The Ordinary-Extraordinary Strategy


# Morning Journal

1. What’s something I’m grateful for?
	1. 
2. What’s something I’m excited about?
	1. 
3. What is a [[virtue]] I want to exhibit?
	1. 
4. What’s something I’m avoiding?
	1. 
5. What’s the one thing I need to do?
	1. 



# Misc

Serial vs parallel processing.

You can't improve something you haven't taken [[responsibility]] for. –[[Mark Manson]]

Let's imagine you had every resource you felt you needed to obtain what you want out of life but it still wasn't enough. What would you do?

When starting a business:
You need to know how to run traffic to sell, or write copy. 

You have to develop refine a sales marketing legion and referral system.

# Grant walk

I made the metaphor of consciousness where we believe that we are the wind and the water, these are the forces that drive us around. 

What our mind is, our ego is the boat that is moved about by currents of water and wind. 

Then I said what we actually are are the wake left behind the boat, a disturbance in the water. 

The water itself is pure undifferentiated consciousness.