---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-02-15
journal-end-date: 2024-02-15
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Transits

| Time | Event |
|------|-------|
| 09:02 | Moon Enters Taurus |
| 04:20 | Moon void of course |
| 00:05 | Mars Conjunct Pluto |


Why did I suddenly flip backwards in my world view, my goals. Have I given up? Was wanting to go back to [[Victoria]] regression? What if she actually said "yes"?
- I would be stuck with a pig. I am not attracted to her. It would take so much work for me to be attracted to her. This is what made me shut down the first time. It is what made me reverse the Pawmi gesture, my confession. As soon as I said it, I regretted my decision. 
- It was revulsion. It was the *ick*. When I see her, I get the *ick*. I think that through willpower I will become attracted to her? Her genes, her bone structure. What if  we wanted kids? When I thought this, I was *icked*. Listen to your body. This hurts, but it will hurt much less than suppressing the ick for the rest of your life. You were about to throw your fucking life away!

When I confessed to [[Victoria]], my biggest hesitation was the lack of reciprocity. She didn't love me back, and I could hear the hollowness of her voice. I wish she was open and straightforward and just told me  what she wants.

I wish I was able to talk to [[Victoria]]. **I need someone to talk to**, a playmate. I needed that every evening. She was my home. I need a home now. A person was my home for 10  years. She evolved,  but I didn't. I kept drinking of her.

She is a high quality woman. But also not as driven as me. I also know I am objectively a low quality male. 

I need someone to talk to. I talked to her for hours everyday, for 10 years. 

Do you just want something you can't have? As soon as Ori was unavailable, you went into overdrive. 

Victoria said she's not your minion any more. You want a minion. I want a teammate.

Do you believe that Victoria will become attractive if she loses weight? How long will that take? You didn't like her smell when you met her.
- She was a NEET when you met her. She can be built into your woman possibly. It would be work.

I have had to live with the guilt and shame of killing my baby. How can I look another person in the eyes (I broke into tears speaking this to myself).

As soon as she gave a hint of yes, I got cold feet again, switching back to the narrative of you're reacting out of addiction and fear of the unknown, FOMO, can I find her attractive? Who is the real Amrit? I know as a fearful-avoidant, I will always switch and don't have access to my other half. Who prayed to God to get her back?

It's over. She's not the right person for me and vice versa. I truly love her, and that means her  happiness means something. I can't rob her of that.

You didn't respect your body's wisdom, your appetite. Listen, acknowledge every reaction. You don't need to follow it, but you do need to hear it and record it.

A person can't be your home. Not anymore. You can't be left homeless ever again. How do I become my own home?  I am told "home is where the heart is". So my heart must become my own. 

You can't give her what she needs. You needed appetitive drive. You weren't hungry for her, you just didn't want to starve. 

She abandoned me. It may not have been her fault, but she abandoned me after I told her my sexual-based feelings (truth). I told her I wasn't attracted to her because she was overweight. I was abandoned for being authentic. 

How can I make it up to her? How I treated her. This memory still haunts me: I had started awakening after my satori experience and I had started doing yoga. One day, I saw her trying to do yoga in the living room and she appeared to do it in a way to try to get me to notice her, in the manner of "look Daddy, I'm a good girl, I'm doing what you say, please love me, please don't abandon me." And I just looked at her coldly and gave her empty platitudes and thought to myself "too little, too late, pathetic..." I killed her. I abandoned her. The only thing I can do now is beg for a path of redemption, and also to let her go. I do not hunger for her. That is the only real emotion she wants out of a man now that she is healthier ego-wise.

I continue to vacillate between comfort and growth. Comfort = heart = South Node. Growth = pain = North Node. I keep wondering if losing Victoria was punishment to teach me a lesson, or also a blessing bringing me closer to a much more compatible partner. My soulmate.

Victoria did such an amazing job as a homemaker until COVID hit. She took care of everything. I lost her and now I have to do all of those things myself. Secure growth would mean I learn to do it all by myself, then bring someone in my life who takes on that responsibility.

When I think of my parents, my mother, I feel shame regarding this situation. I feel ashamed of being heartbroken. I specifically see my mother looking at me like: "told you so, see, I was right, she wasn't right for you,  your agency, autonomy, was wrong, bad boy." I feel guilty for being a failure.

I've had a a lot of traumatic events in my past, such as being sent to England, and 9/11. I became alienated, the other, to be othered.

What is so wrong with me?

Letters to yourself: something you can do. A letter to yourself tomorrow. The only person I'm competing with is who I was yesterday.

What was my ick feeling? Was it because she was fat? Ugly? Smelled funny? Didn't brush her teeth (poor dental hygiene), didn't care about her health at all? That oh shit feeling you got, that "wtf have I done?", that "I'm trapped with this thing" feeling, that costed you everything. Although she could've still been cheating on the sly with the DM's. 

I don't know myself. I don't know another. I couldn't love. I didn't deserve her.

Had we continued, I would have kept using her to numb myself. Even by giving her what she wanted, it would've been compensatory, transactional, in exchange for my fix, using her as a drug, a distraction from my pain. Pain from what though? What am I using her to avoid or compensate for?

The reason I suppressed my heart is because the Id is EVIL. Objectively Evil. I wanted to say my heart is  black, but perhaps my heart is not accessible? Who feels fear? Who feels remorse? Who gets the Ick? Is the Ick not my body's instinctual response? Was it learned or is it innate?

I told my parents about my plans to move out, my federal tax return I haven't received, and my car crash that misaligned my front tires. They were not helpful. I felt angry at their incompetence, I said "you're not useful."

I need to build a prosthetic heart (soul) using a PKMS that spatially represent emotions using ML/AI. So I can keep track of my mental health. Use it proactively to compensate for my heart-blindness. It would need text from journaling. Even an always-on mode, monitoring mode.

Your relationship was attachment, craving. fear of loss, and manipulation. That is not love.

I don't wanna be half again. So I must make myself whole. My other half left.

If you keep putting on a front, people will only love that front which you interpret as invalidating yourself. 

You will only stick with people who have the same level of self-esteem as you. 

Relationships = comfort, stability, security, identity, defense against the world/cold. They give warmth.

My eye contact issue stems from not wanting to be see as my authentic self.

Victoria: thank you for being strong enough to  free both of us.

I went from weed to a person.

I have flashbacks of good times with Victoria. She says there were no good times. That means these flashbacks were for my benefit only. Were they highs where I was most detached from myself? Where she made me feel powerful. The leader. Like my minion. I didn't have a sense of self because I was defined by where chasing my high took me. As the narcissist, it meant wherever the enabler was.

Don't make your partner adapt to your purpose.

I didn't play Guild Wars 2 because she didn't like it. I never wanted to do something unless she was also enthused by it. She validated my initial interest. If it didn't align, my enthusiasm dimmed. Even this journal entry began with "we", not "I". Over time, I have become disconnected from my identity. What I want becomes what she approves. 

I am a serial liar, mainly to myself.

What is my core belief on love (based on what you observed from your parents). It is infinite. It conquers all, stability, unchangeable, immutable, divorce not allowed, even if necessary, sacrifice, incompatibility, arranged by others, prison, teamwork, uneven distribution of labor, fighting anger, self-pity, blame, sickness, depression, eternal (in a bad way). Judgement.  Cowardice. Loss of identity. Loss of control. Horse/rider. Farmer/Ox.

My disgust came when I had my prey. The fight, the chase enlivened me, but as soon as I get what I want, I was bored and demanded something else. If you're hooked, and only sees appearances, surface, as soon as you get that person , attraction dies.
- What part of you likes the chase?
	- I like dominating a person's will to align with my own. Bending them to my point of view mental or volitional rape. Dominance.
	- Thus  I am bound to partners whose views do not align with mine but that are also weak-willed. This means I am not attracted to strong people. Thus I will not attract a strong partner. I only claim to desire a  strong partner as a means to bolster my ego or diminish my prey. I  do not want an unwinnable challenge. I am a vampire. 

My partner became my Purpose. Resentment ensued. A partner cannot be your Purpose.

All money will do is fill that void with more expensive and luxurious things. Instead of cheap  alcohol, expensive alcohol. Still drowning sorrows. Instead of filling the void with someone you don't find attractively societal standards, you now fill that void with someone who is attractive. Still filling that void.

Was my mother my first enabler? Was I the narcissist? Enabler gains purpose/identity, narcissist gains validation/approval. Yes.

The thing I feared was abandonment and betrayal. I sought loyalty. What is this shadow? Rejected. Left behind for better. For not fulfilling needs. Not good enough. Moved on from. Diana: abandoned. Madeline: grown out of, left due to narcissism, moved on from. 

You do what you see, you see what you do. It's your choice. You choose what you want to pay attention to. 

Non-committance is committing to nothing, to void. You are committing regardless.

When I looked at Natalie Unetched, I am simultaneously attracted, "yes" energy and I want to run away. I'm scared, I find it hard to look at her, I want to look away. This confusion made me cry. The fear kept holding me back. "You're not worthy", "you're not good enough." In St. Edwards, I always felt like the outcast, the outsider. In 5th grade, maybe 7th grade, Bethany Townsend sat next to me and she was repulsed and said  "eww" when she saw my hair in my  desk. It was more visible because it was black, it but my desk was likely dirty as well, I didn't make a habit of cleaning my things regularly, and I didn't know that people did that.
-  Was it just puberty and girls communicating attraction? Was she a tsundere?

Natalie Unetched
The world has taught you that in order to be accepted, you must hyper-focus on how other people perceive you and tweak yourself and tweak yourself when other people aren't perceiving you how you want to be perceived. This is backwards thinking. you are attracting people who don't like  you because you don't like yourself enough to be true to yourself. So when desired self-concept  clashes with who you see yourself as, the solution isn't to double down on who you see yourself as and how others perceive  you, rather, it's to start acting as if you're already the person  you are wanting to be perceived as. Act in accordance with who you want to become.

Win your own praise, not external praise. This is why your father's dog-like behavior disgusts you, it's a shadow trigger, shadow resonance. 

Underneath the idea of what you want to become, there's always an actual belief that you  are denying yourself of.

Julian:
How to get rid of one-half-thinking, void thinking (this is active?), I'm incomplete thinking: complete yourself through letting go, dissolving the internal split that we're conditioned to create where there's the acceptable you that you own and embody and then there's the unacceptable you where you disown aspects you deem unacceptable, now for show, not useful, poison, damaging, liability. Re-own the unacceptable. 

I'm addicted to feeling superior. Superior is a comparison, so it will always arise from the outside. Same with inferior. Simply being is the only solution. In order to gift yourself the grace of simply being, you must also gift it to others. 

I likely contributed to Victoria's health problems, psychosomatic symptoms. This is what toxic people do. This is the effect not working on yourself, healing yourself. You spread the damage and reap more karma. 

You learned a lot about your emotions/EQ through Victoria. The final lesson was outgrowing the codependent trap first. Narcissism you need to heal yourself because she can't heal what she is just barely starting to see, or because empathy is natural to her, nothing to teach. Osmosis went both ways. 

[[Martin Heidegger]]
Nothingness discloses (freedom) (anxiety) -> triggers the experience of nothingness, paves the way for us to become a Self. To be able to actively take up our freedom. Transitionary periods are anxiety inducing. Anxiety != fear. Fear has a determinate object. We flee things we are afraid of. Anxiety doesn't have a determinate object. We can't be anxious about finding a job, anxious about your own nothingness. The fact that you are free. Hence you brought Victoria into your life to fill that void, rob that freedom. Not rob, replace. It was volitional. You are anxious that it must be you who takes on the tasks of finding and getting, and showing up to the job. You are anxious over any state outside of the intended task. Uncertainty. Nothing is determining that you get the job. I have run away from nothingness. So now it lives within me. No one can dive your own death for you. Anxiety/death individualizes us. Death makes  you realize you are your own nothingness. You are your own freedom.

Anxiety brings with it a certain type of calm. It means there's nowhere to run, so we no longer need to run (because of fear) because anxiety has no determinate object, we reset in nothingness, the void. This can bring about a sense of peace. Dasein (being-in-the-world) is true, but we are also nothingness (acceptance, repose), we are freedom. We are already dead. What is dead can never die.



