---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-06-09
journal-end-date: 2024-06-09
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Distract Them from Your Real Goal

During the War of the Spanish Succession in 1711, the Duke of Marlborough, head of the English army, wanted to destroy a key French fort, because it protected a vital thoroughfare into France. Yet he knew that if he destroyed it, the French would realize what he wanted—to advance down that road. Instead, then, he merely captured the fort, and garrisoned it with some of his troops, making it appear as if he wanted it for some [[purpose]] of his own. The French attacked the fort and the duke let them recapture it. Once they had it back, though, they destroyed it, figuring that the duke had wanted it for some important reason. Now that the fort was gone, the road was unprotected, and Marlborough could easily march into France. Use this tactic in the following manner: hide your intentions not by closing up (with the [[risk]] of appearing secretive and making people suspicious) but by talking endlessly about your desires and goals—just not your real ones. You will kill three birds with one stone: you appear friendly, open, and trusting; you conceal your intentions; and you send your rivals on time-consuming wild-goose chases.

> Daily Law: Seem to want something in which you are actually not at all interested and your enemies will be thrown off the scent, making all kinds of errors in their calculations.
> 
> _The 48 Laws of Power_, Law 3: Conceal Your Intentions

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: Share something you’re thankful for about your ability to persevere.


# Questions for life stage 3 - [[Authenticity]]

**1. What is your heart and intuition telling you?** What is calling you? What step can you take to honor and listen to that voice of your intuition and heart today?

**2. What does make you feel inspired and excited?** What makes you forget to eat and sleep? What about your life is worth smiling about right now?

**3. What is your number 1 value and priority today and why?**

**4. What makes you lose your connection to yourself and what makes you feel that connection again?** Are you listening to your own [[truth]] and act accordingly whether it causes difficulty or not? Are you able to say no/yes when you really feel like it?

# [[Mindset by Carol Dweck]]

# Color palette 
[[share.png]]

# feeling stuck in life

Anything that takes less than 2 minutes just do it right now 

Need to feel continuous progress 

Do [[yoga]] on rest days? 

Having a compelling [[vision]] of the future. 

Create controls for mitigating unwanted behaviors 

Designing your life (book)

If you're unhappy in your current circumstances chances are you will also be unhappy when you arrive at your ideal circumstances. 

The first step is to accept where you are. The facts are the facts regardless of what you feel. The story about the facts is what you feel. Your story settles you with the burdens of [[guilt]] and [[shame]], of [[FOMO]], of perfectionism and fear of endangerment. Every step is way down by this burden 
Accept where you're starting point is.

action steps in small one big 
Stole from Tony Robbins 
Small actions create momentum especially if you are below baseline 
Once you have momentum then ask yourself what is one big keystone habit you can implement? 
Keystone habit is a habit that cascades into other smaller habits starting a chain of habits 





Tell your story and the [[transformation]] you made 
Tell about any skills you developed 
Talk about problems that are faced by people when they pursue their goals 
Talk about the path that you took to achieve your goals 
Talk about what you've learned from listening to podcasts 
Change your mindset from consumer to Creator, become the aggregate of the 10 podcast that you listen to and synthesize what you consume
Perform archeology of your favorite podcasters, dig up what they did at the start and emulate 
You need to create a product 

# Voice Notes AI

random96503@gmail.com
pw: ZaZen123$

# Github
random96503@gmail.com
pw: UDkGtd5hz&Bk%N
