---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-02-20
journal-end-date: 2024-02-20
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Journal
I talked with Victoria on the phone. I told her about what I've been processing, rebuilding a self, combing to terms with being a narcissist, etc. She still wants to be my friend, and help me, despite our past, my crimes. She told me that despite the lack quality, I still gave her a home, I let her be herself (to an extent) for the first time in her life. She was thankful for that. She said that I brought her to a place where she could be  fixed, including breaking her in order for her to be able to rebuild  herself. Now it's my turn. I've been broken, and it's time to rebuild myself, and she will be here for me just as I remained by her side after the split. This is gratifying to hear as I am wracked by guilt and shame, that she sees value in the 10 years of us knowing each other. It was worth it in eyes. I'm disturbed that now I feel permitted to also find value. 

I was triggered by nostalgia because my shadow intensely clings to the idealized past relationship that Victoria and I had. Ironically it is nostalgia for the story of us in my head at that earlier time, and it formed the first Act for Victoria, and my reunion and happily ever after, the Act 2 I had proposed to myself not long ago, but the truth is that it was a story. When I finally reached out to Victoria, thinking I was a knight in shining armor, and she was not impressed. She had become Victoria-in-the-world, no the doll in my head. My narcissism did not like that. I thought, who the fuck does this bitch think she is? It repulsed me partly because me needing to acquiesce to her to rebuild air relationship, would diminish my self-worth. I chose myself over her. I was also rebuffed by the Ick when I looked at her. My body did not respond to her with anything other than "yuck". It is a visceral reaction that I don't control. She wanted me to be attracted to her now. I don't think I could do that now. I don't fully understand my own sexuality at this time. I've never been in a sexually satisfying relationship. Diana: scared to make first move, she was much more experienced than me. Madeline: wanted to wait, never let me hit, the one chance I got, I was too self-absorbed to notice her hint. I was sexually frustrated. I was a narcissist. I never connected to the human. Finally with Victoria, I was not attracted to her. I desperately (now) want it to have worked out, but I simply wasn't attracted, no chemistry. 

I must mourn for the relationship that could have been. 

I'm in too much pain or emotional disorder to concentrate on anything. 

Identify: to become the same with. Tension between authenticity (being ourselves) and attachment which is belonging. 

I am constantly switching between tasks. I know that I must prepare for a big task that involves risk. My performance, thus my identity is at risk. If I fail, I will be abandoned from...my fate? My only chance at progress. To be loved and accepted. Thus I get big anxiety to avoid hard work of doing my task. Can't concentrate on distraction. As soon as I did some work, my anxiety subsided.

I resent Brandon. He took my playmate, my partner, away from me.

Like the crab, to grow,  you must let go of the hard  shell. Victoria was that last carapace.

The problem isn't when you don't know who you are, the problem is when you think you do know who you are.

I feel so lonely. But I'm also very picky regarding who I share myself with. I'm just not interested in connecting with people I see as beneath me. The narcissist in me sees all interactions as transactional.

I am writing a story. I am wracked with feelings of missing my partner. Victoria wasn't just my romantic partner, she could've possibly been my business partner.



