---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-03-06
journal-end-date: 2024-03-06
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies


# Transits
| Time  | Event             |
| ----- | ----------------- |
| 00:00 | Moon in Capricorn |


# Journal
When I visited Victoria in Florida, her mom asked if I would protect her, and I said "yes". That was a lie. I failed to protect her, to take  care of her. I feel deep shame. I feel that this  shame, remorse, and atonement keeps me attached to Victoria.  In order to let her go, I need to let her go, I need to let this shame go first. But I should be ashamed for what I've done. How do I heal from a shame I deserve. Who can release me? How can I free myself and move on?  I am realizing that Victoria isn't the right life partner for me, I need a teammate that matches me, my energy output,  but in a way that helps guide me, with wisdom, but does not diminish my masculinity  by trying to shoehorn me into the feminine role through inversion. I can lead but I need the guidance of a wise wife. Victoria does not seem intelligent enough nor does she have any purpose or drive that she or I am aware of. I could be wrong, she could grow, but so far her scope is limited. As my guide, she led me to ruin. Yes, I was complicit, and yes it is ultimately my responsibility, but in a vacuum, when I absorbed her soul, I became like her, and that essence was not able to alchemize with mine to produce a way forward. Yes, I could've done better as a leader, but I wasn't strong enough. Perhaps it truly is a matter of incompatibility. I w ant to come out of this with no one to blame myself or her.

As a generator, I have an urge to do a need to do, create, to achieve, but ironically, I don't control what I feel like or know, or have direction or guidance on what I should do. I don't like that someone else is my  gatekeeper. That they are who will allow me to birth this novel into the world, But it must be wrought. The world  needs it. I need it.

My enemy this entire time has been complacency. Complacency robbed me of all these years. Marijuana, Victoria. It's  not Victoria's fault, truly, it's me. My complacency, my willingness, my eagerness to be complacent, that robbed me of her. 

I want to be a writer. I want the freedom to think and write. This means I have enough to live comfortably. The way I was meant to live.

# Teal Swan
Incompatibility - enmeshment vs abandonment wound relationship meant for growth, to bring awareness to these early traumatic upbringings so they can be consciously mended. When resolved, one person will heal by consciously finding true compatibility in a kind of adult adoption process, the  other will feel it by consciously choosing to live in alignment with their authenticity, and have someone love them as they are, even if that love takes the  shape of changing the role they're playing in someone's life. 

Midlife crisis: I haven't been authentic my whole life and suddenly there's so much pressure on the aspects I haven't been authentic about that it all  comes and  takes over the show. 




