---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-04-10
journal-end-date: 2024-04-10
journal-section: day
---
```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Always Say Less Than Necessary

> Undutiful words of a subject do often take deeper root than the [[memory]] of ill deeds.
> 
> —Sir Walter Raleigh

When you are trying to impress people with words, the more you say, the more common you appear, and the less in control. Even if you are saying something banal, it will seem original if you make it vague, open-ended, and sphinxlike. Powerful people impress and intimidate by saying less. The more you say, the more likely you are to say something foolish.

> Daily Law: By saying less than necessary you create the appearance of meaning and [[power]]. Also, the less you say, the less [[risk]] you run of saying something foolish, even dangerous.
> 
> _The 48 Laws of Power_, Law 4: Always Say Less Than Necessary

I need this advice. I talk way too much and generally will either frustrate others by taking too much air-time or I indeed give myself opportunities to stumble. I have a need to be specific and accurate but perhaps my words may not have that affect on others, especially if they don’t understand the nuance of my words. 

Perhaps I should try saying as little as possible to leave an air of mystery. Perhaps human interaction, at least at scale, is more about [[deception]] than it is [[authenticity]]. I am to put on a show. For those that get closer, I can then start to open up.
# Daily [[Gratitude]]: List three things you’re grateful for about your work [[environment]].
I am grateful for:
1. The slow speed of my day-to-day. The low amount of responsibilities. The lax atmosphere. 
2. The lunch salad bar is great. 
3. I am grateful to have met Reid, the first male friend I have met in years.

# Simon Sinek on [[Courage]]
If you’re having trouble understanding something, it’s likely that someone else in the room is as well. Asking a question doesn’t mean you’re the stupidest one in the room, it usually means you’re the only one brave enough to speak up.

# [[Stormlight Archive]]
>The most important step is not the first one, it's the next one. It's always the next step that matters most.

-Dalinar Kolin

# [[Pain]]
My [[pain]] is no one’s but my own. If I give my [[pain]] away to another, I rob myself of the associated growth.

# Exxxotica Expo
I am conflicted , I don't know my feelings in this matter. On the one hand I have an impulse to go on an [[adventure]]. It's exciting and new. It matches with the narrative of the Aries Solar Eclipse. I need to act on my behalf, no one else will. At the same time I'm not sure this is something that I need. I have been rationalizing why I shouldn't go. I'm scared and this opportunity is happening too soon. 

## I don't think I'm ready yet. 
I want to feel sexual, I want to Act on this impulse, but I don't feel attractive. How can I act on my [[sexuality]] when I myself am not attractive, worthy of sexual attraction? I don't deserve the people I'm attracted to because I am not their match, their equal.

## This is just an [[adventure]]
Perhaps if I treat this as just another [[adventure]], I can treat it as a simple money sink. A day’s ticket is not all that expensive. I will not have much time to plan, but I can likely create a plan by Saturday. It is possible, it does not require any weight or substance, I can choose to participate or not to whatever degree I am comfortable with. I can even just watch the shows and seminars.
# Spiritually and [[Wealth]] are not mutually exclusive
These concepts are not mutually exclusive. They are not zero sum. One can pursue material pleasure and still maintain a spiritual connection with the universe. Materiality (fixation) will cause one to forget, to deprioritize [[spirituality]], but materiality itself does not impose any restriction. It is up to the individual to exercise their own agency, autonomy, consciousness, their choice, and maintain the pursuits for both ends. The [[self]] is responsible for both the needs of the body and the soul. You will experience negative outcomes by losing this balance.

# Authentic Art
[[Jean-Michel Basquiat]]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8G9pnE0bnfE
>Good artists copy, great artists steal. 
-Picasso

## In art, your brain is the enemy.
Use speed to bypass thought.
## Steal like an artist
This is audacity. Unapologetic. No one has ever owned anything in the first place. You aren’t stealing what was never owned. If you are to own it, you should at least either pay homage or transcend what you stole. To justify the maneuver. 
## Taste
You are supposed to steal. You are supposed to take the very best of this universe. The artist part is how you arrange it. Your Taste. If there’s one thing I know I have, that I’ve always had, naturally gifted, in abundance, it’s Taste. 
## Your message 
Your message is a guiding ideology that will get you through your rough spots, your darkness, writer’s block. This is your true north.
## My [[Purpose]]
is to be an artist of some kind. I realize that writing a novel is a great way to fulfill that [[purpose]]. The [[guilt]] I feel for simply being a sum of my influences is illusory. There is nothing to feel guilty over. No one owns ideas and they also stole from their influences. It is the mixing and rearranging that makes one a [[genius]]. One’s Taste. I know I have Taste. It’s time to leverage it. I won’t be able to leverage my Taste in a technical field, likely not even in a corporate setting. I don’t know how a project manager can express their Taste but I remain doubtful. At least at SCJ I do not see it happening. I will however remain realistic and take on a job that is easy and pays the bills. That enables me take adventures every weekend and allow me to create every evening. 

# Creation happens in the dark
Like a baby in the womb. Like a seed in the soil. 