---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-07-18
journal-end-date: 2024-07-18
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [x] AI
- [ ] Entrepreneurship
- [x] Socialization
- [ ] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [ ] Twitter
- [ ] Music
- [ ] Second Brain

# Recap

## What did I do well?


## What could I have done to better?


# Misc

Your brain is for having ideas, not storing them.–David Allen

It is easier to cover your feet with slippers than it is to carpet the entire [[Earth]].–[[Anthony de Mello]]

You're not enlightened until you can be happy doing the dishes.
–[[Ryan Holiday]]

To thine own [[self]] be true. 

What's meant for me (my [[karma]]) will not go past me. 

It's arrogant to think you can put it off, it's arrogant to think you will [[love]] forever. Do it now. It's arrogant to act as if you have till tomorrow. You could be good today instead you choose to act tomorrow.–[[Ryan Holiday]]

A mistake is only appraised when looking back.–Julien Leblanc

# [[Philosophize This! - Episode 121 Michel Foucault pt 1]]


# [[Philosophize This! - Episode 122 Michel Foucault pt 2 - The Order of Things]]


# [[Philosophize This! - Episode 123 Michel Foucault pt 3 - Power]]


# Mother - [[Forgiveness]]

I’m so angry at my mother for not being strong enough to protect me. Not being strong enough to care for me. Not strong enough to give nourish and nurture me. 

But, if I were to see things from her point of view, as an actor playing her part, I would realize that she did everything she could just to hold on. Like [[Victoria]], I need to realize that [[pain]] is a demon that we all face, and that its potence is subjective, not objective. 

Both these women in my life did everything they could just to hold on. They weren’t strong enough for me. They weren’t strong enough to give me what I needed. I was abandoned. However, that doesn’t necessarily mean that it was through negligence. They were occupied with their own inner battle, and it took everything they had just to hold on. That was their effort, just being there as opposed to being fully absent. Both of them were present to some capacity. It wasn’t enough, but it gave the illusion that there wasn’t a gaping void. It was enough for me to build structures over. It was just enough nourishment for me to build upon, nothing more. I did not have the material to thrive, but like them, I had just enough to survive.

Is survival enough? I must accept that it is enough. In this world, a world of suffering, the only milestone is to see your offspring reproduce. The rest is optional. Mom was able to get me to that point. I want to forgive her. [[Forgiveness]] comes from playing the role of Yashpal and fighting that fight, hanging on tooth and nail, through whatever means necessary, even at the cost of one’s [[self]], one’s soul, one’s essence. She sacrificed it all just to hold on. I need to acknowledge that in my [[judgement]] of her.

Would I have been able to do any better? Living as I had for most of my life, no. I would’ve likely done worse. Yes, her prison is partially of her own design, but if we are assessing based on the endurance, she survived her prison sentence so far. She wakes up for a new day. She still finds the strength to smile. 