---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-03-04
journal-end-date: 2024-03-04
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Transits
| Time | Event |
|------|-------|
| 07:17 | Venus Square Uranus |
| 00:00 | Moon in Sagittarius |


# Journal
I had a lot of dreams. The most important was where I was "calculating", fast thoughts, and woke up to intense ringing in my right ear/side of head. Perhaps it was the divine sound current (so I had thought), but it was so loud, I was genuinely scared it would last forever and drive me mad. (I tried to lean into it, but it didn't seem to change the nature of the sound. It maintained it's intensity, maybe slightly louder.) 

Other dreams: chasing down a crazed Bobby Uncle and running into Madeline in a college interaction. 

Whatever you believe the world is withholding from you, you are withholding from the world. --Eckhart Tolle
- I am withholding:
	- my sexuality
	- my love
	- my affection
	- my vulnerability
	- my empathy
	- my openness
	- my willingness to understand
	- prosperity
	- generosity

I am so sad that I lost my minion. I tell her that I want to grow, and I do, but there is a part of me that misses my minion. That blind devotion to me, the absolute trust (that I betrayed.) It was such as huge ego boost. It made me feel important. I'm addicted to that feeling. I want to be known as "master" so badly. She has been given the tools to escape my gravity well. Those same tools/circumstances protect me from her. What would become of me if she had said yes? I didn't allow her to be a human being, I was too busy chasing my supply. I only know two modes, supply or not-supply. I can't see others for who they are. It's why not-supplies scare me. The interactions are uncertain , I may not even get a payoff, but apart from  that the uncertainty scares me the most. I may be reminded, or  have to face my shame.  They might see that I am  shameful, wretched, weak, ugly, unworthy, to be rejected, to be  abandoned. On the flip side, staying a narcissist will attract these false seductresses that will either prey on me as a parasite, or they will deceive me and both turn me into a monster while robbing me of my will to pursue anything other than they supply, their drug.

I logged into ESO and felt a pang  of nostalgia for the memories Victoria and I shared with their artifact system. I felt a sense of loss for what will never be again. Then I had a counter-thought of "WTF?" What about my own memories?! I need to make my own memories and retake any memories I don't own that involve me. 

## FF14
### Zero
While physical wounds can be healed by replenishing one's aether, you can't preserve your form if you lose  sight of yourself. Such is the risk inherent in consuming another's soul. It dilutes your sense of self. Alters you inside and out. To guard against this, I mediate. I visualize who I am, in a place all my own (Zero's home).
- I am a voidsent, a dream, a creature of darkness I only know hunger, and but I suffer for it. Perhaps like the 13th, I feel into darkness and become like this. When a voidsent devours another, it blends with it, you become what you eat. Sure it gives you temporary power, but it also  comes with your victim's negative attributes.
