---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-03-18
journal-end-date: 2024-03-18
journal-section: day
---
```calendar-nav
```

# Daily [[Gratitude]]

# #PhilosophizeThis Episode #94 ... A look at Suffering 
## [[Fyodor Dostoevsky]]
Dostoevsky attacked the idea of things will be good when ....
Suffering will be over when ....
Suffering is as essential to life as breathing.
The end of suffering is just around the corner.

## [[Transhumanism]]
[[Transhumanism]] is the movement that believes that we can transcend all human limitations using technology.
The hedonistic imperative - States that we have a moral obligation to achieve the cessation of suffering through technology.
Darwinian pathology of [[emotions]]/consciousness - our [[emotions]] such as [[happiness]] sadness and specifically our negative [[emotions]] like [[guilt]] are adaptive or were adaptive for survival in tribal societies for example feeling [[guilt]] or [[shame]] for stealing food would make you a more pro-social creature which would increase your odds of survival.
The hedonistic imperative wants to move beyond the Darwinian pathology of [[emotions]] and use genetic modification to write out all negative [[emotion]] pathways in the living system.
[[Emotional regulation]] like that of stoicism or Buddhism as non applicable to the current human condition in the same way that ancient Greeks and [[vision]] magnets as being alive completely inapplicable to modern science.
This is not in the far future, this is happening now: Wire heading.
Objections to hedonistic imperative: without the lows in life, there aren't any highs.

## [[Alan Watts]]' perfect life 
[[Alan Watts]] believed that if we could chose the perfect life, we would choose the best circumstances, pure [[happiness]] at all times. But then we would get bored, so we would program in variance to keep things interesting, to alleviate boredom. But then we would memorize the variance so we would force ourselves to forget the variance pattern and all programming, to enable novelty. What we would end up with is our life as it is right now. 

# [[Tarot]]: Justice
Either you're on the right track or things will work out for the best. 
We need faith most in the darkness. We must have faith that [[the Sun]] will rise again.
It's hard to have faith when we don't know where our next light and heat will come from.
The same applies to being on the right track. Sometimes feeling/being lost is the correct path. 
Surrender, may be the correct way forward.
In the meantime, accept the lulls and use the time wisely by focusing on the practical, what you are able to control in the present. We're always in control of our gratitude.

# How to memorize anything efficiently
https://youtu.be/oBUhdwTt7ow

1. Pneumonic cues
2. Spaced repetition

Encodes things through stories and points of connection therefore ironically by adding a third variable to connect A and b you somehow are able to remember be easier.
Make images or sounds any sort of cue sensory.

Prompt your repetition based on familiarity with the content, if you already know the material then prompt less frequently if you don't know the material then prompt yourself more frequently until you've memorized it.

# Taking Notes Effectively
https://youtu.be/ATmJb3bH2E0

Don't write down every word.
Don't even grab key phrases.
Because you're so busy right now exact phrases you end up missing what you are trying to memorize.
Listen very carefully, understand what they said and then write a few words that summarize what they said. 
For example 1 minute of talking would take about 100 to 200 words, after they are done talking you would summarize what they said in about five words.
If you are listening to a lecture and you don't understand something then you raise your hand and ask for them to explain themselves so that you can understand. you do not write anything down if you don't understand it first.
Technique number 3 flesh out your notes within 24 hours.
Within 24 hours take about 10 minutes to excavate your short-term memories to help add body to your notes, these memories will be gone after 24 hours.
Technique number four write your notes by hand as opposed to typing them.
Laptop use is correlated with multitasking and distraction. Divided attention bad. 
Laptop note taking AKA typing is correlated with transcribing notes verbatim as opposed to summarizing as one would do with written notes. Raw transcription is too fast, you will type verbatim, and your processing will be shallow. The slower speed of writing forces you to summarize. 

# #PhilosophizeThis episode 96 - is Ayn Rand a philosopher?

Traditionally philosophers will construct one area of their thought to justify the next area of their thought, and so on. 

E.g. metaphysical claim -> Epistemological Claim -> Politics -> Aesthetics -> Etc.

Critics: political ideological messages are what she wants talk about, the rest were hastily cobbled together afterwards. 

Supporters: She made breakthroughs for [[philosophy]] in epistemology and thus the only things that can emerge from those breakthroughs are political ideologies.

Ayn Rand asks what went wrong with America? America went wrong due to altruism vs 1776 America "Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of [[happiness]]". 
Altruism at the level of government turns a person to a means to an end rather than an end to themselves. 

America has fallen due to nothing forcing people to live by the [[virtue]] of rational [[self]]-interest. No objective moral foundation to reinforce this. Suffering causes this. Founders were running from the persecution of the British. 

Objectivism: philosophers before her haven't created an objective view of reality and everything in it. As opposed to relativism.
- Detractors would state that philosophers have been trying to remain as objective as possible the entire time. Therefore her attempt at objectivism is an attempt to circumvent philosophical rigor. 

## Concepts: how we try to classify everything we experience. Mental shorthand for experiencing reality. 

Whatever concepts you use are a product of your [[environment]]/circumstances. 

Concept formation, how we chunk human experience, is what separates ape from man, and from dumber (more ape-like) men from smarter (less ape-like, more evolved) men. 

We don't scrutinize our concepts for essential properties. We do not define our concepts clearly enough. 
- Criticism: words have no inherent meaning.

The essential property of being a human being is to be a rational animal.
- Criticism: is this an accurate definition of a human being? Could another rational creature, such as an alien, also exist?
- Counter-criticism: to talk about aliens is a waste of  time, it doesn't exist (similar to talking about an after-life, there's no way to prove it so don't waste your time building formations on top of that conclusion).

Reason is your only tool against this cruel world.

[[Morality]] is to ensure your long term survival. 

Intrinsic vs Subjective vs Objective worlds. If  you are purely rational, there is a single objective view of reality. 

To Ayn, to act rationally would mean that you never treat another human being as means rather than an end.

Politically, we need a system that does not allow a ruling vs exploited class. This is laissez-faire capitalism. People who make decisions out of  rational [[self]]-interest in a mutually beneficial way. 

government exists to protect people from those who would exploit others as a means to an end. 

Criticism: she smuggled in her subjective definition of rationality and then accuses others of not thinking rationally enough, and therefore if you were being (her) rational, you would have arrived at the same conclusions as her. 

She crowned her Subjectivity as "objectivity".

She doesn't address any of the philosophers that came before her she just makes a blanket assumption that they are being subjective.

# How to remember things Jim Kwik
https://youtu.be/Y7m59wRKXe4

Pessimists are more accurate but optimists achieve more.

Roger Bannister was the first person to break the 4-minute mile and he did it through a (positive mindset) visualization technique.

Be a thermostat instead of a thermometer. Thermometer response to the [[environment]] it measures it whereas a thermostat changes the [[environment]].

FAST
- Forget: an empty cup is ready to learn. Set aside your preconceptions, your concerns (anything other than the present moment), and You're limiting beliefs. If you fight for your limiting beliefs the reward is you get to keep them. Your mind is always eavesdropping on your [[self]]-talk.
- Active: our 20th century education was to prepare us for working in factories it was not designed for the scale of information that we work with now. Our education system was not prepared for the scale of information that exists today. Information fatigue syndrome and decision fatigue. Involved. Creation vs consumption.
- split a page in half on the left side you capture information on the right side you reflect on that information utilizing your right brain.
- State: recurrent mood of your mind and body all learning is state-dependent educational kinesiology any physical movement that crosses the midline reinforces the connection between the right and left brain you control your state [[emotion]] tied to information becomes a long-term [[memory]].
- Teach: when you teach you get to learn it twice. It's much harder to teach. More involvement required. 

The brain is like a muscle it gets stronger with use there is no other limitation.

## Speed reading
Lack of education, practice makes progress
Lack of [[focus]] speed does not necessarily mean a reduction incomprehension there is an optimal speed to take in information you don't get your brain the stimulus it needs it will seek out entertainment through distraction. 
Sub vocalization. Your reading speed is limited to your talking speed not your thinking speed if knowledge is [[power]] then learning is your superpower
Regression going back and reading words.
Belief: whether you believe you can or you believe you can't, you're right either way. 

Use a visual pacer.
- what are electronic versions of this for an e-reader? 

# Robert Greene on Diary of a CEO
https://youtu.be/yrwSOMFZvHY

[[Death]] grounds, a plan B robs you.
Deadlines give you necessity. 
Need challenges, but not too far above your ability.
Need [[purpose]]. Animals instinct is their [[purpose]]. 
Watch out for false purposes, addictions, people. 
Your [[purpose]] informs you on what you don't want. 
Know the difference between distractions and [[purpose]].
[[Authenticity]] versus pro-social behavior which is inherently acting inherently in authentic.
Reading people is not algorithmic it's rather you are looking for a gestalt and overall vibe. An overall energy that defined them. Then drill down to specific emotional reactions that they evoke in you.
Envy is natural, even for those you [[love]]. You don't need to feel guilty about it, accept it and move on to being happy for them.



