---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-03-11
journal-end-date: 2024-03-11
journal-section: day
---
```calendar-nav
```

# Daily [[Gratitude]]

I am grateful for the PhilosophizeThis! Podcast. It allowed me re-fall in [[love]] with [[philosophy]] which is like a [[religion]] to me.

[[PKMS]]

[[Freedom]]

# The disquiet in my heart
[[Victoria]]
I reached out to Ori, but I was hesitant because I was in a state of calm. It would feel nice if she just didn't exist for me anymore. She is like a wound that is disturbed every time we interact. So I send her a meme because I know that [[relationships]] are work and that [[relationships]] as adults are so scarce that I shouldn't throw this away. We can be friends, or so I have rationalized. She responded relatively quickly and apologized for not reaching out because she's been so busy. I say you don't need to apologize (you don't owe me anything anymore was my intention), but I thanked her anyways. I replied, ya you must be busy with preparation because she is galloping towards her new life with Brandon (as a result leaving me behind). She didn't respond. Her lack of response has reopened my wound in my Manipura, my upper abdomen. Her leaving me hanging has left me disturbed. No longer am I still waters. The wound is reopened. I am still attached. I know that I have the choice to reframe what happens to me, I don't need to passively allow life to happen to me. Life should happen for me. But how do I get there? How do I reframe this situation so that I feel good [[emotions]] not bad [[emotions]]? How do I govern this [[emotional regulation]]? Cognitive reframing comes to mind but it feels gimmicky. The inner me, the feeling me, the child, is not convinced by my parenting. It rings hollow, it rings like [[deception]]. How to convince my [[inner child]]? What strategies do successful parents use on willful children?

I feel like I'm in competition with her, and that I am losing. 

She's becoming a stranger. I am losing the one I had, the smol one. 

Alternatively, she could legitimately be busy (moving).

[[Emotional Regulation]]

[[Emotional Regulation]]

[[Emotional Regulation]]

# Voice-to-text [[Obsidian]]
I have used key mapper so that I can use Gboard to dictate my voice and it will turn it into text for [[obsidian]] so this way I should be able to record my thoughts while I am listening to an audiobook or podcast when I long press it opens a recording or rather it starts a recording and when I short press it simulates pressing enter twice to move on to the next thought while also stopping recording mode.

I have now made it so that double tapping the [[power]] button open subsidian and then doing my current key mapper stuff lets me record the only issue now is that I need to manually have a text input open which means I need to type a place in the note.

I have now set up shizuku which apparently lets me use my Gboard and still use key mapper to press keyboard buttons like enter

# FF14: Rubicante (fire demon)
"Even the most exalted succumb. We eat and eat and deepen the stain upon our souls, until only the hunger remains. Is this to be our [[fate]] for all eternity?"
- To eat, and become guilty, and keep eating to avoid the [[guilt]], until we have numbed ourselves so completely that we are only the hunger, there is nothing left to avoid.


