---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-08-26
journal-end-date: 2024-08-26
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [x] AI
- [ ] Entrepreneurship
- [x] Socialization
- [ ] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [ ] Twitter
- [x] Breathwork
- [ ] Second Brain

# Journal

We don't become enlightened by imagining the light, but by banishing the darkness. -carl jung

business is just a legal structure to do what you want for payment.

My problem with X being a pyramid scheme, is that's not what I want to create.

## Two of Cups
"You are always with yourself, so you may as well enjoy the company." -Diane von Furtesnberg

the most important relationship that one can have is with yourself. How you feel about yourself determines what you draw to you on your life path.

The Two of Cups reminds me of the sacred spiritual union between the heart and the head as well, when there has been a long struggle to establish what works and what does not, when weighing up options and unifying thoughts to bring healing is the most important thing to do.

For those people who have not yet been able to manage the authentic sense of self-love, start with the overall feeling of what love means to you. Try to be conscious of your feelings toward yourself. Look at how you choose to describe yourself. Examine how you feel when dealing with other people. This insight will help you to be guided through the development of knowing how to start with self-love.

Try to see yourself and your actions without standing in judgment over them. We often obsess and judge ourselves because we perceive how we think others see us, when it is in reality our own projection of judgment for who we are.

Medicine: Seen through the eyes of love, the world appears transformed. Be ready to experience love. There is nothing but enjoyment in what life offers right now.

Mantra: I am now ready to let love into my life.

# Father
My obsession with [[AI]] is similar to my father's obsession with books and learning. He wanted to do things just for the sake of doing them, to be associated with the idea of them, rather than for some actual useful goal. 

For instance, I love tinkering with [[ML]], however, I just want to be known as "the [[AI]] guy" because it's associated with the future, as a rank, or a role in society. I want to be seen as someone. My primary motivation isn't to "do". A doer, would want to learn [[ML]] as a means to predict data. I am learning [[ML]], just to show that I can do it. 

However, now that I've played with this thought, I understand that I'm different. While I am motivated by the [[emotion]] of being perceived as "the [[AI]] guy", the progressive, the cutting-edge, the avantgarde, I am also genuinely driven by complex use cases such as the mysteries of data at scale. I want to be able to use [[ML]]/[[AI]] like magic to unravel the secrets of myself, the mind, the spirit. Specifically, I want to use [[AI]] as a means to sharpen the skill of [[AI]], because it's a skill that I know I should learn. While it wasn't an organic path of a statistician, my desire is no less potent. It isn't fake even if it is driven by [[emotion]] rather than logic. 

My desire to learn [[ML]]/[[AI]] is authentic, I simply want to be a driver, not an engineer, or a mechanic. 

## Dreams of working at NASA
He told me that he was watching a documentary on the [[Saturn]] V rocket. He told me that he had dreams of working at NASA, and that it would've been great to have worked at NASA in 1965. He said that when he gets better, he wants to apply for NASA. I asked why? He responded, that he wants to be "the needy man". I asked for clarification and he was saying that he wants to be the guy NASA needs, he wanted to be in demand. He wanted to be seen as valuable to NASA. I kept digging for more answers. He said that he wanted to be a scientist for NASA, that he wanted to known as a material scientist that works for NASA. 

I asked further: don't you have a specific reason? Don't you have a dream? Isn't there a reason that you dream to work at NASA? Isn't there some mission, some purpose, that fuels your desire to work at NASA. For example, is there some thing that you want to achieve, like designing a reusable rocket, or designing a material that does something new or novel, or innovate in some way?

There was no vision, there was no passion, there was no substance behind his dream. I was worried that I saw echoes of myself in his ramblings. He has always been a fake, a sham, and it's because he is actually interested in being perceived a certain way, not for some appetitive, substantial drive. It's why his dreams are hollow, and it's especially the reason why he's never seen results in anything that he's done. It's because he only wants to feed his ego instead of contribute to the world. This too is an extension of his narcissism.

If you have nothing of value (your self) to offer the universe, the universe has nothing to give you in return. [[God]] helps those who help his works, his children. This is what it means to create value. 

I now wonder, how does this apply to my life? Is there a goal I've been chasing because I want to be perceived a certain way, in a certain light. Which of my goals are driven by my narcissistic hunger? Which of my goals are my own vs. which are inherited by my father's karmic debt that I'm stuck paying off?

[[Entrepreneurship]]: [[financial freedom]], I feel like that is my own. How I achieve it may be questionable, however, the idea that I can work according to my own hours, to my own ends, and create value for the world. That I know to be mine.

[[AI]]: this I [[fear]] may be an echo of my father's desire to be known, or associated with an emergent technology. While this [[fear]] does hold weight, I have feel genuine enjoyment and satisfaction creating things with technology, and leveraging [[AI]] to do it. Perhaps [[ML]] is something that I feel as a necessary evil, however coding apps with [[AI]] is a lot of fun.

Corporate ladder: this is clearly suspect. This has led me astray. Project management, people leadership, these are skills that I have, however that is more on a small scale. Corporate jostling for power, politicking, that is not something I'm not remotely interested in.

[[Fear]]