---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-05-16
journal-end-date: 2024-05-16
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## The Fake Traditionalist

> He who desires or attempts to reform the government of a state, and wishes to have it accepted, must at least retain the semblance of the old forms; so that it may seem to the people that there has been no change in the institutions, even though in fact they are entirely different from the old ones.
> 
> —Niccolò Machiavelli

[[Machiavelli]]

A strategy the clever nonplayer uses to disguise change: making a loud and public display of support for the [[values]] of the past. Renaissance Florence had a centuries-old republic and was suspicious of anyone who flouted its traditions. Cosimo de’ Medici made a show of enthusiastic support for the republic, while in reality he worked to bring the city under the control of his wealthy family. In form, the Medicis retained the appearance of a republic; in substance, they rendered it powerless. They quietly enacted a radical change, while appearing to safeguard tradition.

> Daily Law: Don’t let the person who seems to be a zealot for tradition fool you. Notice how unconventional they really are.
> 
> _The 48 Laws of Power_, Law 45: Preach the Need for Change, but Never Reform Too Much at Once

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: Reflect on a time when you received a sincere apology.

I can’t recall a time where I received a sincere apology. [[Victoria]] comes to mind however those apologies felt coerced so I have a hard time feeling their [[authenticity]]. I threatened that poor woman so many times. The threat of me leaving kept her in a constant state of fear. It caused her physical symptoms. The threat of [[rejection]] kept her in perpetual agony. She apologized for so much, but it was coerced. I feel bad now…

# [[Purpose]]
I need to establish a path. I’ve been direction less.

## What do you want out of life?

I want the [[power]] to free myself. 
I want the [[power]] to realize my dreams, execute my [[vision]].
I want the [[power]] to create my family. The wife and possibly children that I’ve always dreamed of. My home. I want the [[power]] to create my home.

So first, I want freedom.
Next I want to a home.
Last, I want to execute my [[vision]], to create. To grow. To fulfill my [[purpose]].

Essentially I just want the [[power]] to climb Maslow’s hierarchy of needs.


# Working at SCJ
It has given me respite. It represents (modeled) operating from the heart.

# Decision Science

quantitative techniques that inform decision-making at the individual and collective levels.

Includes decision analysis, [[risk]] analysis, cost-benefit/effectiveness analysis, constrained optimization, simulation modeling, and behavioral decision theory.

Also encompasses parts of operations research, microeconomics, statistical inference, management control, cognitive/social [[psychology]], and computer science. 

About making optimal choices. Clarify value judgements underlying decisions, identify tradeoffs.

Tools used include models for decision-making under [[uncertainty]], experimental and descriptive studies of behavior, economic analysis of competitive and strategic decisions, approaches for facilitating decision-making by groups, and mathematical modeling techniques.

Uses a mix of theory and data to predict what will happen after an entity makes a decision that changes their [[environment]]. 

In the context of business, making informed decisions through a combination of quantitative data analysis, data visualization, and deep modeling techniques.

You're allowed to do what you want, but you're not allowed to want what you want. 
-[[Arthur Schopenhauer]] 

# [[finance]] fundamentals 

Income statement (P&L)
[[Focus]] [[Growth]], margin 
over period of time

Gross sales at list - the price we want to see in stores - what retailers will charge us. 

Trade spending costs with retailers or consumer discounts 
Supply chain discounts
Returns
Remnants - damaged goods, loose units (list price + handling)
Cash discounts - high interest rates make you want cash sooner
Deals - stimulate sales


Deal expense
Payments made directly to retailers 

Net Sales - revenue after all customer deals, coupons, etc 
Base margins are made from

Cost of sales
Production cost of products sold
Projected cost - Standard cost what we think we will pay in the next fiscal year

Delivered Profit (DP) (margin) (DPM)
Net profits after cost of production and delivery.
Margin is dp/net sales
DPM (along with market share) is a kpi because it reflects growth (health).

Marketing spending
Component and Conditioning (C&C)

Advertising
Working - airtime, print space
Nonworking - production cost and agency fees for development and display

Marketing Expenditures
Research 
Royalties

Operating Profit (we see these in the townhall)
Functional Expense (main) (10%)
-Bpt, SSC, r&d
People specific costs

Balance sheet
Point in time, net assets and liabilities (debt, accounts payable)

Cash [[flow]]
In and out

P&L analysis 
Margin calculation vs variance
(Margin) Percent of budget vs raw dollars
Variance analysis

Controls
Employee actions to mitigate [[risk]]

SOAR
Sarbanes, oxley, attest, readiness
Control framework 

CFAC
Competitive [[finance]] analysis committee 

# [[Communication]]
Is iterative.

# [[Identity]]

Is what I do a direct reflection of what I am?

Narratives have gravity.

# [Laws of the universe](https://www.youtube.com/live/tGnSJ6X1FZQ)
[[Owen Cook]]

1. You are the shit just because you are the shit. No other qualifier. You are 1 of 1. Not ?/10.
	1. Even if you were born a 10, there are other 10s you couldn't have. They would reject you. You would still know the [[pain]] of [[rejection]].
2. There is no [[happiness]] outside of yourself.💯l [[Happiness]] can only come from within.
3. The universe is abundant. Don't keep all your eggs in one basket 

# [[Entrepreneurship]]
There's no such thing as employees, you just only have one client. -[[Owen Cook]]

You [[conviction]] must outweigh their skepticism.

