---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-08-28
journal-end-date: 2024-08-28
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [x] AI
- [ ] Entrepreneurship
- [ ] Socialization
- [ ] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [ ] Twitter
- [x] Breathwork
- [x] Second Brain

# Journal

To secure these goods something else must first be relinquished.

For instance, the cost of peace is impatience. It is not possible to feel peaceful and impatient at the same time, and the more impatience we surrender the more peace we can secure. By the same token, the cost of courage is cowardice. It is not possible to feel courageous and cowardly at the same time, and the more cowardice we surrender the more courage we can secure. And again, the cost of magnanimity is resentment. It is not possible to feel magnanimous and resentful at the same time, and the more resentment we surrender the more magnanimity we can secure.

# The pit in my stomach
I want to be someone. That is the source of my [[depression]], the gap in my life. Perhaps it's not even to fulfill my [[Purpose]], but rather to fill in the gap of [[Identity]]. This gap perhaps is inherited from my [[Father]] or from my upbringing. This need to be someone presupposes that I'm not someone just by [[Virtue]] of my existing. I have to prove my existence through doing, through achievement. Then I will be safe.

# Toxicity
When you give someone advice it's like pointing your finger at them but what you don't realize is that there's three fingers pointing back at you. For each bit of [[responsibility]] that you throw on to another person you adopt three times as much [[responsibility]] for their issue.

Be careful, train [[Wisdom]] 


"Not knowing the question, it was easy for him to give an answer." -Danish economist

Your body is your unconscious mind. Your body doesn't know the difference between thought and reality. Your thought creates reality. You constantly reaffirm your emotional states with your thoughts. When it comes [[Time]] to give up that [[emotion]], the body is stronger than the mind.

# fear
Define your [[Fear]], confront your [[Fear]], prepare for your [[Fear]]. -Tim Ferris

[[Happiness]] is [[Confidence]] + [[security]].

# Obsidian Plugin - Test Generator 
Generate test questions based on open page.

# Optimal Protocols for Studying & Learning

[](https://www.youtube.com/@hubermanlab)

Learning 
Error cues nervous system to reinforce known and prepare to fix unknown.

We fight forgetting.

The best tests are open-ended short answer very minimal prompt tests. 

Gap effects - 10 second pause to let the hippocampus echo what it just learned, similar to REM.

Emotional salience - one trial learning linked to peak negative [[Emotions]], stressful. 

Interleaving

## Quizzes
### 00:06:45 Offsetting Forgetting

1. What strategies can be used to offset forgetting information over [[Time]]? 
	1. Spaced repetition. Testing oneself by recalling the information.
2. How does spaced repetition help in retaining information longer? 
	1. The act of recalling the information forces plasticity. 
3. Describe how the "forgetting curve" impacts [[Memory]] retention. 
	1. [[Memory]] quickly declines as [[Time]] proceeds from the learning event. Rather, learning is the mitigation of forgetting.

### 00:08:22 Learning & Neuroplasticity

1. What role does neuroplasticity play in the learning process? 
	1. The formation and modification of new memories requires that new neural connections are created, and other connections are pruned, and sometimes even neurogenesis, new neurons are created.
2. How can one enhance neuroplasticity to improve learning outcomes? 
	1. You can accept and embrace frustration. Try and recall information after waiting for some [[Time]]. Study in isolation. Teach people. 
3. What is the relationship between repeated practice and changes in the brain?
	1. Practicing repeatedly strengthens neural connections associated with what is being practiced.

### 00:13:06 Periodic Testing

1. Why is periodic testing considered an effective learning tool?
	1. Forgetting happens immediately after information is first processed. Periodic testing offsets this process by reinforcing decaying circuits. The periodization allows for novelty and thus salience of stimuli.
2. How does periodic testing reinforce knowledge retention?
	1. Periodic testing offsets this process by reinforcing decaying circuits. The periodization allows for novelty and thus salience of stimuli.
3. What are some benefits of [[Self]]-testing in the learning process?
	1. You do not require another person. You can do it any where, any [[Time]]. You can control when and where you test. You reinforce material as a way to give your brain a break from consuming information.


# # Why do you postpone yourself?

[](https://www.youtube.com/@acceptingtheuniverse)

We put what should come first, last. 

Hunger is cheap, the palate is what's expensive. -[[Seneca]]

If we would forego such luxuries, if we forewent other things that we simply want, that we dreamed ourselves of having when we were a child, when we imagined our adult life, we don't need the kind of car that we imagined then, we don't need the kind of house, and the kind of partner, and the type of so-called social circle that we desired and admired back then, most people still cling to those fantasies. They try in their adult life to live up to a child's fantasy. In theory we know that it's ridiculous, but we've all done this. We put what should come first, last, for many years. 

Make yourself a true list of priorities and make what comes first on that list, come first in your day too, and in your life in general. 

For example: if you want to spend more [[Time]] with your friends, friends that are really good for you, actually good for you, that further your mind, that you have conversations with, that make you into a fuller, bigger person, then you don't need to work to buy your [[Time]] to do that. You need to just want less, and buy less, and desire less. The less you desire, the more money you will have without making more money, without making more money, having to go and spend your life, spend your [[Time]], making more money, to fulfill those extra mostly luxury, additional desires, wants, and it's down to you to deny yourself what's unnecessary, not needed in any way, just desired, to identify them, and get rid of them. [[Seneca]] says throw everything away, whatever keeps you from what you really want. Untie the knot or cut it off all together. 