---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-02-24
journal-end-date: 2024-02-24
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Transits

| [[Time]]  | Event                |
| ----- | -------------------- |
| 16:09 | Sun Conjunct [[Mercury]] |
| 00:00 | [[Moon]] in Virgo        |

# Journal

I realize that I owe myself reverence when I am divinely inspired. I must respect and heed the inner calling. In response, I said to myself "ugh". I'm stuck with myself all day today. This work is exhausting, I need relief". It's like my inner calling, a sacred obligation, feels oppressive. It's like the caller is a ruthless taskmaster and I am a slave, responding to his/its every beck and call. I also just have the  response or feeling that being stuck with myself is a being stuck with a ball-and-chain. I'm a drag. So needy and useless, powerless, without initiative, without worth. If left to his own devices, he would just masturbate the days away (he did for 10 years). Who is the Master and who is the slave? Is one  real, is one fake, are they both real (most likely), are they both false (least likely in that there's no third [[identity]] wholly apart from those two). This is the [[Id]] and [[Superego]].

Neither are real or fake. They are split. There is on ego to mediate the two. 

Exploration of the [[Id]]:
What if I was a Generator according to Human Design? What if that was the only true definition of myself? Could I still [[love]] myself? As my journal entry on [[2024-02-22]] showed, I did not handle this well. I reeled at this  unfair assertion, this traitorous label. How could the gods have cursed me so? To give me the desire of a master, a projector, but the body of a generator, a slave. I refused this [[identity]] of myself. I refused to acknowledge it. I refused this [[identity]] of myself. I refused to acknowledge it. I refused to accept it. How would I [[love]] myself if I was so low? I realize (think) that my [[superego]] comes from my [[mother]]'s expectations of me, the [[Id]] is my instinctual [[self]], the generator, perhaps my [[father]]. I believe the rift comes from not being able to meet my [[mother]]'s expectations of me (academically) after coming back from England. I still recall the cycle of every report card where I would start off strong, then my grades would suffer, likely due to my [[ADHD]]. I would build up this [[anxiety]] as the end of the cycle would come, where the report cards would come and reveal that I wasn't  good enough, that I didn't try hard enough, even though I tried my hardest with what I had, being told I'm smart by people, but report cards say I'm not smart enough. I came to hate the generator. He was [[ADHD]]. He wasn't designed for the public/standard school system. He needed special [[attention]]. Instead, he was repeatedly judged by a metric that didn't apply to him, that he wasn't designed for. Was it his fault? Objectively, sometimes, yes, optimal choices could have been made, but the emotional machinery was not in place for that level of discipline. They beat him so severely, punished him, yelled at him, reviled him. They (my [[mother]]) didn't think him worthy of [[love]]. Why would she do this to  him? Despite knowing all of this, he just couldn't get it right. He failed and was beaten over and over again. He repressed these memories. Casted a shroud, a fog over this [[time]]. He was logically aware of these events, but his heart was shut off. He abandoned this [[Amrit]]. This [[Amrit]] was not worthy of [[love]]. That is what he learned, to abandon the authentic but weak [[Amrit]], just like his [[mother]] had. [[Authenticity]] includes weakness. Weakness brings beatings. Beatings mean [[abandonment]]. [[Abandonment]] means [[death]]. The authentic [[self]] is to blame. 

This [[Venus]] [[Mars]] Pluto in Aquarius thing is reframing my internal masculine and feminine. Are my polarities inverted? How have they been reframed? If mom is my feminine and dad is my masculine? That (Ori was the target of revenge fantasies against my [[mother]]) means my [[Superego]] is active and my [[Id]] is passive? The feminine and masculine have inverted. [[Id]] should be feminine and the [[superego]] should be masculine. my internal feminine is harsh, aggressive, domineering whereas my internal masculine is passive, weak, subservient. As a man, I feel that the masculine should lead. Does this mean that the [[Id]] should be attributed the feminine role, the [[superego]] the masculine role (what I have internalized)? Currently the [[superego]] is domineering and has smothered the [[Id]]. Is this an internalized story? A dynamic I have learned/absorbed from observing my parents. If giving them relationship advice, I would t ell my mom to chill the fuck out and stop being so narcissistic, consider someone other than yourself, empathize! It's too late, but I would tell my [[father]] to wake the fuck up! Man up! Assume [[responsibility]] for your role as husband, [[father]], and leader of the house. Therefore, my  [[Id]] needs to masculinize and my [[superego]] needs to  feminize then I will attain harmony, on Ego, balance. I am not bound by a specific [[Id]] and [[superego]] based on the traits of the respective parent, it is only the dynamic I inherited. The components are my own, of my own creation, of a genetic makeup of my own design for use in this lifetime. The build I am using is wrong.

I have rejected the part of myself that resembles my [[father]] because of A. how my [[mother]] treated him, and B. his essential nature being flawed because he failed as a leader of the household. None of their story should have any bearing on accepting or rejecting parts of myself, even if there is a resemblance. These parts are ME, they are MINE. I don't need to choose between my parents, they are both flawed (and I imagine I will feel they are both wonderful, one day), and their dynamic is their own [[karma]]. I choose my own path with my whole being. I choose neither of them.

There is still a part of me that misses [[Victoria]]. I keep dwelling on how I fucked up. How could I have done better? The potential future we could've had.

There is also a part of me that needs rest, and that part wants to be entertained. Like playing a videogame or watching an anime. But that reminds me of life with [[Victoria]]. It's like she stole entertainment from me. She took that part of me with her. I want it back. I feel like a balanced person would also use entertainment in moderation. I find myself feeling guilty about wanting to use entertainment. When I was with her, I lost my passion, my soul.

I get bored talking to myself. This is why I feel I need other people in my life. I specifically need a partner. Can I be my own partner.

I watched a video on [[trauma]]-bonding and it initially made me so sad that [[Victoria]] referred to us as [[trauma]]-bonded. It framed me as the abused and her as the victim. I felt  even more [[guilt]]. However, it later hit me that we were both each other's abuser. The list of signs I watched referred to both her and myself.

I can never forgive [[Victoria]] because she never "tried" hard enough for me, yet for her new boyfriend, I feel like she's putting in more effort. There are so many times she never came through for me.

I resent [[Victoria]] for finding someone she genuinely connects with, at the cost of me. She made me feel needed when I perceived her as broken. I no longer feel needed so our relationship dynamic is no longer the same. I feel less connected to her. If we were strangers, would we even be friends? Probably not, and that hurts a lot! Healthy connections are defined by mutual respect (this was most lacking, and defined the relationship), [[trust]], and emotional support. I don't [[trust]] her any longer. How can I? She replaced/dropped me in the span of three weeks. We offered each other emotional support however hers was much better as she is more skilled. I did try though. 

After searching for apartments, I felt so much better. Achievement, progress towards [[my goals]] brings relief from [[anxiety]]. Leverage this. Progress brings relief. 


