---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-05-26
journal-end-date: 2024-05-26
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## The Sincerity Ploy

A trick to be aware of comes from La Rochefoucauld, who wrote, “Sincerity is found in very few men, and is often the cleverest of ruses—one is sincere in order to draw out the [[confidence]] and secrets of the other.”

> Daily Law: By pretending to bare their heart to you, clever nonplayers know they make it more likely that you will reveal your own secrets. They give you a false confession in hopes that you will give them a real one.
> 
> _The 48 Laws of Power_, Law 14: Pose as a Friend, Work as a Spy

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: Think about a time when you connected with someone from a different background.

Today I met a man named Clemente Lima who is from Portugal. He is a teacher at Racine and teaches bilingual children. He helps them acclimate to life in America. I also found out that he has started his own business where he has created an air bra. He seems to have a lot of money but is also lonely based on what Reid had ascertained. 


# [[Neil Strauss ]]on [[trauma]]

“Instead of glimpsing anonymous individuals hurrying by, I see different archetypal products of bad parenting. That meek old man with the blank stare was probably beaten senseless by his [[father]]; the sad-looking obese guy in an undersized t-shirt may have grown up with a mom who expressed [[love]] only through her cooking; the uptight businessman was likely raised by strict parents who never allowed him to be imperfect. Suddenly there seem to be very few adults in the world, just suffering children and overcompensating adolescents.”

# [[Father]]

My dad might be dying. I don't feel sad at the moment, but that's only because I don't believe in [[death]]. His condition has deteriorated rapidly, he is now barely hanging on. All of this happened so suddenly, without warning. This could happen to anyone. 

Now that I see him in this state, I feel my hatred towards him evaporating. Who was this sad small thing? He was the result of his circumstances. Someone drowning on his own [[pain]], his traumas. He didn't have the opportunity to heal. That doesn't need to be his fault. I don't need to hold that against him, the crime of weakness, of not being strong enough to change one’s [[fate]]. 

# [[Justice]], [[Integrity]] 

The story of Marcus Atilius Regulus is inspiring; I will be sure to recall it often. To hold your word, even to enemies is the essence of integrity. It is the core of [[justice]]. 

[[Character]] drives [[fate]]. Character attracts the appropriate circumstances into one’s life.

Character is the result of compounding (small) acts. With each choice, we write our [[fate]]. 

# Social [[Anxiety]]

[[Self]]-regulating is exhausting. It's not worth the trouble. I'm always on high alert examine myself for missteps. I'm always on high alert. My sympathetic state is on constantly. 

# Liminal beings

From Latin limen: “threshold”
Do not fit in either set of classifications.
In a process undergoing an initiation rite. 
Co-presence of opposites - hi/low, good/bad
These beings can be dangerous but also potentially beneficent
shamans or a powerful mentor with animal aspects
Combines two distinct states of simultaneous existence within one physical body. This unique perspective lends itself to [[wisdom]] which makes them suitable mentors while also making them dangerous and uncanny.
E.g. Sphinx: partakes of both animal and human.

# Belief in my own myth

The only way you will start investing yourself, to put forth your full effort, full investiture, is if you start believing in your own myth. Your own [[mythology]]. That your story is a story for the ages. That is divinely ordained. You only care about stories and people that are larger than life. You must acknowledge the part of you that believes that you too are larger than life as well. You must acknowledge that you are living your own myth, the myth of [[Amrit]]. The ascended one. The transcendent. The phoenix. The Simurgh. The hero. Please, acknowledge your mythological status. Do not give in to cynicism. Yes statistically there are so many humans in this world, we can’t all be special. But that does not automatically mean that you can’t be special. That you can’t be chosen. Divinely ordained. You are special and you don’t need to allow [[nihilism]] or even realism to take that away from you. It’s just [[statistics]], a probability, not a certainty. The only certainty is your faith in yourself. 