---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-04-29
journal-end-date: 2024-04-29
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Cultivate an Air of Unpredictability

People are always trying to read the motives behind your actions and to use your predictability against you. Throw in a completely inexplicable move and you put them on the defensive. Because they do not understand you, they are unnerved, and in such a state you can easily intimidate them. *Pablo Picasso once remarked, “The best calculation is the absence of calculation. Once you have attained a certain level of recognition, others generally figure that when you do something, it’s for an intelligent reason. So it’s really foolish to plot out your movements too carefully in advance. You’re better off acting capriciously.”* Humans are creatures of habit with an insatiable need to see familiarity in other people’s actions. Your predictability gives them a sense of control. Turn the tables: Be deliberately unpredictable. Behavior that seems to have no consistency or [[purpose]] will keep them off-balance. Scrambling your patterns on a day-to-day basis will cause a stir around you and stimulate interest. People will talk about you, ascribe motives and explanations that have nothing to do with the [[truth]], but that keep you constantly in their minds.

> Daily Law: In the end, the more capricious you appear, the more respect you will garner. Only the terminally subordinate act in a predictable manner. Strategically reveal your human side.
> 
> _The 48 Laws of Power_, Law 17: Keep Others in Suspended Terror—Cultivate an Air of Unpredictability

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: Express gratitude for the [[freedom]] and opportunities in your life.
I am thankful for having the freedom at work to drive home an hour after getting there in order to put on deodorant and then drive back. I suspect I won’t have this type of freedom going forward. I should at least cherish it now. 

I am also thankful for living in a first world country and having a car. I essentially have access to anything and everything I could ever want at my fingertips. I need only repair myself and I am ready to take over the world. 

# Morning Page
Today I am trying this morning pages technique. I may not be
able to do the full 3 pages, but because of infinite scrolling, I wouldn't
know anyways. Today my goals are to time audit my work day to see how
I can capitalize on this free time, for however long it lasts. I've already
cheated and checked my email. Technically, this should be my first action.
I don't think I use my time at work very well so
I gather that structured time in general will pay
dividends. The other big agenda item is my String of
3 back-to-back interviews for the data engineer
position. I had to bring in my own lunch to accomodate
the schedule. This makes me realize that in this
new role, time is more limited, structured, hectic.
Isn't this what I wanted? Frustratingly yes, but
also noo I want [[structure]], but not **indentured servitude**. I
am starting to appreciate the lax pace of shared services.
I just realized that I forgot to put on deodorant because of
a disruption to my morning routine. I will need to stop
home and grab it. I am hesitant of what this new step
will bring, we shall see.
# Models
[[Mark Manson]]

[[Neediness]] - need for [[validation]], need for environmental reinforcement exceeds [[self]]-reinforcement. Frame. Investment in [[self]] exceeds investment required from others, [[environment]].

I understand this logically, but how do I reprogram my subconscious predispositions? They are baked into my core. Low status, [[self]]-effacing behavior comes out spontaneously, despite my overt decision that this is not how I operate anymore. The Id still isn't convinced. My intuition, my [[daemon]] says practice and time are the main solutions, but also that there are negative core beliefs that still persist, that still fuel these behaviors, or rather, they are beliefs that call up specific [[self]]-effacing subroutines as their necessary response to environmental stimuli. They are beliefs that persist even though they are outdated. I need to root them out individually. 

## [[Investment]] 
The [[Id]] and the [[Anima]] and the [[inner child]] are the same thing I have been wondering how I'm supposed to convince my deepest [[self]] my core belief that I am enough that I am invested in myself and although my [[superego]] says all of this my [[inner child]] and my kid don't actually believe it they are unwilling to follow and so it shows up in my behaviors and I suddenly realized that perhaps the male female dynamic the shit test so to speak Exists within between myself and my animal I need to convince my emotional center that I am more invested in my [[superego]] then I am invested in my head that I am more invested in my [[self]] than I am my [[emotions]] and this imbalance of investment will actually be a correction. 

I need to choose that I am more invested in what my [[superego]] says rather than what my [[emotions]] have to say. The narrative I follow.

I need to choose to invest in my [[truth]] or others’ [[truth]] about me. It’s a choice. Why would you not pick your own? You need to know your own [[truth]] first before you’re willing to invest in it.
## [[Vulnerability]] 
is [[bravery]] is [[power]].

## [[Rejection]]
Your main impediment is [[fear]] of [[rejection]]. Fear of [[rejection]] will limit you from showing up authentically which in turn will hamstring every attempt you have genuine human connection. It is a [[trauma]] response. It isn’t you, and it certainly isn’t natural. If it can be learned it can be unlearned.

You must rid yourself of the fear or aversion to [[rejection]]. 

[[Rejection]] is a filtering mechanism that works in your favor. 
- You would not have time to pursue every woman that strikes your fancy.
- You would not want a woman that you aren’t compatible with. You are saving yourself wasted time in the future. You know this, you wasted 10 years. You should have just listened to your heart. 

# I [[love]] [[evolutionary [[psychology]] ]]

[[Magic]]

# My Parents 
## My [[Father]]
I spoke with my dad and I realized that he was a communist at age 14, which meant that he was an atheist as well. He used to think for himself. He was attacked for thinking for himself by being branded a heretic by a family figure.

My dad also had a dream to move to California however due to circumstances, he waited and found that excuses kept him tied to Racine. He always thought that this was just a temporary stop however he ended up spending all of his days here. 

## My Mother
A few days back, my mom had told me that her indecisiveness in the present is rooted in her fear of agonizing over choosing to marry my dad. She said it with a tone that implied that despite all of that agony, she made the wrong decision because she was rushed, she didn’t have time to work it out. That [[regret]] consumed her for the rest of her life.

## Me
I realized that so many of my traits, both good and bad, have been inherited from my parents. I have internalized all of their hopes and fears. It makes me wonder…do I even have a [[Self]] beneath these karmic compulsions? Do I have my own dreams? Are they all just the products of inheritance (which makes sense as a I have so much going on in my [[4th house]])? The rest of my motivations are [[trauma]] responses. Who’s left? Is it any wonder that I don’t have a [[truth]] worth investing in? It can’t be found. It may not even exist. 

This may be at the root of my current dilemma. I need to root out whose dream is whose. As of now, I believe that out of all of my paths and motivations, my true dream is to explore. My innate [[self]] craves [[adventure]]. I’m hungry. Despite the warping of the [[trauma]] responses, despite my inheritances, I want to walk my [[adventure]]. 

## Why? 

I want [[adventure]] because I crave stimulation, novelty, to expand my horizons. I want to immerse myself in new experiences. Alternatively, this may be a reaction to anhedonia, to crave extreme circumstances so that I can feel pleasure again. While I can appreciate this sentiment, I do not think that my novelty and [[adventure]] seeking is reactionary. I think that it relates to my North node in the 9th house. 

### LUNAR NODES [IN HOUSES THREE AND NINE](https://www.alicesparklykat.com/articles/416/Lunar_Nodes_in_Houses_Three_and_Nine/)

[[3rd house]], [[9th house]]

These people are quite crafty. They might be master knitters, make beautiful crochets, or know exactly how to fine tune an instrument to get it to really sing. Planets that are placed in the third house find satisfaction when they commit to learning a craft thoroughly. When people who have their south node in the third house commit to learning something, they really learn it. They get obsessed with it, accomplish the technical pieces, and then they move onto the next thing.  

There’s a lot of [[security]] that someone can get by learning how to employ a skill and figure out how to do it well. Having the south node in the third house of everyday strategies means that this person not only figures out how to do something in a skilled way, they also know the ins and ends of that skill including where it is most applicable and where it is not. They have an idea of what learning the skill might bring to them.  
  
People who have the south node in the third house might not readily identify themselves with [[naivete]]. Instead, they are comforted by their earned intelligence. They want to study the details within the part of the world where they inhabit and they want to be able to pull the strings using their knowledge of these details a bit. This is something that can make someone feel safer or more secure in life.  

The ninth house is the house of faith. When the north node is in the ninth house, it’s actually really really hard to find faith and to keep faith around one’s dreams. It’s really hard to step off of a cliff and to believe that you’ll land somehow on your feet. It’s hard for people who have their north node in the ninth house to take a leap of faith or to do things when they don’t have any evidence, except for their faith, that everything will work out.  
  
Part of the reason why it’s so hard to nurture faith is because faith can feel a bit foolish to north node in the ninth house people. Remember—these people hesitate to identify with [[naivete]]. **They don’t want to be made into fools by uncontrollable circumstances**. It feels much easier to stick to one’s own smaller world and to keep doing things that one already knows how to do quite well. However, being a little more naive and having audacious dreams is often the thing that drives people who have north node in the ninth house to grow. It is better to be thought of as foolish and learn than to always be thought of as smart when the protection of that intelligence means that you don’t do things that challenge you. ^861f09