---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-05-31
journal-end-date: 2024-05-31
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Know Who You’re Dealing With

> Be convinced, that there are no persons so insignificant and inconsiderable, but may, some time or other, have it in their [[power]] to be of use to you; which they certainly will not, if you have once shown them contempt.
> 
> —Lord Chesterfield

The ability to measure people is the most important skill of all in gathering and conserving [[power]]. Without it you are blind: not only will you offend the wrong people, you will choose the wrong types to work on and will think you are flattering people when you are actually insulting them. Before embarking on any move, take the measure of your mark or potential opponent. Otherwise you will waste time and make mistakes. Study people’s weaknesses, the chinks in their armor, their areas of both [[pride]] and [[insecurity]]. Know their ins and outs before you even decide whether or not to deal with them. Two final words of caution: First, in judging and measuring your opponent, never rely on your instincts. You will make the greatest mistakes of all if you rely on such inexact indicators. Nothing can substitute for gathering concrete knowledge. Study and spy on your opponent for however long it takes; this will pay off in the long run. Second, never [[trust]] appearances. Anyone with a serpent’s heart can use a show of kindness to cloak it; a person who is blustery on the outside is often really a coward. Never [[trust]] the version that people give of themselves—it is utterly unreliable.

> Daily Law: What possible good can come from ignorance about other people? Learn to tell the lions from the lambs or pay the price.
> 
> _The 48 Laws of Power_, Law 19: Know Who You’re Dealing With—Do Not Offend the Wrong Person

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: What’s a movie that has touched your heart?



# [[Complex PTSD - From Surviving to Thriving]]

# Mind intellect sharp knife

This is me. I have heard the analytical mind likened to a knife. Yes, a dull knife is most dangerous, but one can easily injure themselves with too sharp of a knife as well. 

# [[Writing]]

Topic(s) to write about:
Transition from gaming to real life. From proxy gamer to RL gamer. Use video game music while working. Perfect ambience. Gives nostalgic comfort. 


Living the proxy life. How it can be hollow when it's not on your own terms. 

[[Wisdom]] is reflected experience. 

Doing, reflecting, rest.

# Rumination

The only place I reflect is in bed.

Why do I reflect so little? I enjoy being in a state of consumption. I enjoy consuming because it is mindless. I enjoy the state of drifting.

I forget everything that I consume shortly after I consume it. It comes within me, it is superficially processed and then I leave it. It never gets reinforced and hence I forget it. 

I am stuck in a perpetual drifting state and thus I am doomed to repeat lessons continuously, or to progress nowhere. 

For instance, I decided that I my new goal in life is [[financial freedom]]. I need to do this through studying and learning [[entrepreneurship]] and [[copywriting]]. While I know this as an intellect item, as a mental observation, I don’t grok it, I don’t live it, I don’t feel anything for it anymore. My [[emotions]] encode my thoughts. They galvanize thoughts. But my [[emotions]] are not mine to bear. They are…unruly, maybe someone else’s? Something else’s? I don’t own my [[emotions]] or my emotional state. That doesn’t make sense though. Who is the one that makes that claim?

The reason I’m unable to make progress is because I haven’t won the battle for my heart yet, not completely at least. 


# [[The [[neuroscience]] behind fixing your sleep ]]

# [[Why Having Free Will Holds You Back]]


# Twitter Reply

It took me up until now to realize that writing is manifested thought. Without manifestation, the mind becomes congested with the rot of unfulfilled pursuits. If you can't act on the impulse, the least you can do is free yourself of the obligation by writing it down.