---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-05-25
journal-end-date: 2024-05-25
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Avoid the Drama Magnet

> In anything, it is a mistake to think one can perform an action or behave in a certain way once and no more.
> 
> —Cesare Pavese

They will draw you in with their exciting presence. They have unusual energy and stories to tell. Their features are animated and they can be quite witty. They are fun to be around, until the drama turns ugly. As children, they learned that the only way to get [[love]] and attention that lasted was to enmesh their parents in their troubles and problems, which had to be large enough to engage the parents emotionally over time. This became a habit, their way of feeling alive and wanted. Most people shrink from any kind of confrontation, but they seem to live for it. As you get to know them better, you hear more stories of bickering and battles in their life, but they manage to always position themselves as the victim. You must realize that their greatest need is to get their hooks into you by any means possible. They will embroil you in their drama to the point that you will feel guilty for disengaging.

> Daily Law: It is best to recognize them as early as possible, before you become enmeshed and dragged down. Examine their past for evidence of the pattern and run for the hills if you suspect you are dealing with such a type.
> 
> _The Laws of Human Nature_, 4: Determine the Strength of People’s Character—The Law of Compulsive Behavior

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: Share something you’re thankful for about your sense of [[adventure]].


https://youtu.be/h_r6Mo8EDic

Meaningful events occur at the edge of the known and unknown.

Your old identity will die when it is starved of the information which reinforces it. It will reject due to [[self]] preservation algorithm. 

Solve your own problems and sell the solution. 
Hypothesize an outcome from your goals. 
Experiment with techniques for skill acquisition 
Document the process as a project
Double down on the results as a solution.

Turn this into a business.

Think of each domain of life as a project or a skill in which you collect techniques to master that domain. 

Generate [[vision]]
Create hierarchy of goals. Bridge the gap with [[structure]].
Build goals into projects so you can build and learn simultaneously.
Don't learn skills, acquire techniques to solve problems. 
Force an open mind
Treat mistakes as negative feedback
Scientific method to life.

Right persuasive content, content that captures holds and delivers value on attention. 
Hook. 
A big problem that people can relate to.
A solution. 
A big benefit. 
[[Confidence]] and polarization. 
Novel perspective or big idea.

Sean Paul Sartre talks about being **in** itself, being **for** itself, and being **for others**. He talks about the need to balance the facticity of the [[self]] with the transcendent [[self]] or who you know you can, your narrative [[self]]. I can liken this to a metaphor of a ship where you want to use others to course correct but you would never use another to charge your own course only you can charge your own colors. 

Choose serenity over celebration. 

Unless we speak up the [[loneliness]] of our silence will imprison us forever 

[[Bravery]] is taking right action despite being afraid, channel [[anger]] take this courageous act to save your lonely child from being forever alone stuck forever alienated 
I've never being seen or heard to learn the fear does not have to be disabled 

Soon feel [[pride]] in ourselves for being [[self]] courageous, for rescuing ourselves, for establishing a place for us in the world 
[[Fear]] is a sign often that we are doing the right thing that we are facing the right dragons from our past 

Contempt is [[rage]] and disgust

4 F’s and the 4 classical elements, [[astrology]].



