---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-04-12
journal-end-date: 2024-04-12
journal-section: day
---
```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Use Your Enemies

> Men are more ready to repay an injury than a benefit, because [[Gratitude]] is a burden and [[revenge]] a pleasure.
> 
> —Tacitus

In 1971, during the Vietnam War, Henry Kissinger was the target of an unsuccessful kidnapping attempt, a conspiracy involving, among others, the renowned antiwar activist priests the Berrigan brothers, four more Catholic priests, and four nuns. In private, without informing the Secret Service or the Justice Department, Kissinger arranged a Saturday-morning meeting with three of the alleged kidnappers. Explaining to his guests that he would have most American soldiers out of Vietnam by mid-1972, he completely charmed them. They gave him some “Kidnap Kissinger” buttons and one of them remained a friend of his for years, visiting him on several occasions. This was not just a one-time ploy: Kissinger made a policy of working with those who disagreed with him. Colleagues commented that he seemed to get along better with his enemies than with his friends. Whenever you can, bury the hatchet with an enemy, and make a point of putting him in your service.

> Daily Law: As Lincoln said, you destroy an enemy when you make a friend of him.
> 
> _The 48 Laws of Power_, Law 2: Never Put Too Much [[Trust]] in Friends


# Daily [[Gratitude]]: What’s a quote that resonates with you and why?
[[Belief]], [[Faith]]
## Whether you believe you can or you believe you can’t, you’re right both times. 

I [[love]] this quote because it makes me feel autonomous, with [[agency]], an intrinsic locus of control, that I control my destiny. I also [[love]] that it is an [[analytic proposition]] , a true statement by definition or [[virtue]] of itself. It is true solely based on the meanings of the words that make up the statement. It shows that the only logical choice is to believe rather than disbelieve. Even it is correct to disbelieve in your ability, you are still believing in your [[discernment]]. Therefore always choose to believe that you can.

# My [[emotions]] prevent me from harnessing my attention

I have unmet emotional needs that keep pulling me away from “deep work”. From concentrating, [[focus]]-ing, working towards a goal. My mind keeps on pulling me away, as if saying “no, this is more pressing, this is higher priority, I will not help until you resolve this first”. 

# Exxxotica

I took action. [[The Mountain is You]] taught me that [[feelings]] are an aggregation of the reflection of all one’s experiences, including experiences of one’s own thoughts. As a result, our feelings can become corrupted and unreliable. In this context, this means that one will never want to try something new, it will always feel bad because it is not [[familiar]].exe. Safety is experienced as good, [[risk]] is felt as bad. Even when you logically know there’s no real [[risk]], you will still feel as if there is danger. This is an evolutionary adaption. It was adaptive for our ancestors in most ways and it was balanced by pressing needs such as starvation or survival. We no longer have those counter-pressures. We have only our forebrains and grit. The way that I am supposed to circumvent this scenario is to act before my feelings have a change to hijack my forebrain to rationalize why moving forward is a bad idea. Your heart hijacks your mind! Don’t allow this to happen when you know the heart has been corrupted.
