---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-05-08
journal-end-date: 2024-05-08
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Look at Their Past

The most significant indicator of people’s character comes through their actions over time. Despite what people say about the lessons they have learned, and how they have changed over the years, you will inevitably notice the same actions and decisions repeating in the course of their life. In these decisions they reveal their character. You must take notice of any salient forms of behavior—disappearing when there is too much stress, not completing an important piece of work, turning suddenly belligerent when challenged, or, conversely, suddenly rising to the occasion when given [[responsibility]]. With this fixed in your mind, you do some research into their past. You look at other actions you have observed that fit into this pattern, now in retrospect. You pay close attention to what they do in the present. You see their actions not as isolated incidents but as parts of a compulsive pattern. If you ignore the pattern it is your own fault.

> Daily Law: When choosing people to work and associate with, do not be mesmerized by their reputation or taken in by the surface image they try to project. Instead, train yourself to look deep within them, to their past actions, to see their character.
> 
> _The Laws of Human Nature_, 4: Determine the Strength of People’s Character—The Law of Compulsive Behavior

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: List three things you’re grateful for about your daily rituals.

I’m grateful for:
1. Working out 6 days a week and getting in at least 10000 steps every day. 
2. [[Writing]]/journaling some amount every single day.
3. My diet which is controlled and deliberate. I eat at roughly the same times every day. I sleep at roughly the same times every day.

# [[The Millionaire Fast Lane]]

[[Time]] is the ultimate resource. 

[[Time]] is the ultimate equalizer. 

There's a lot of money in the world, it's renewable, but time is finite.

Indentured time vs. free time.

Parasitic debt feeds on free time and metabolizes into indentured time. The source of parasitic debt is instant gratification.

I don’t know how is an excuse dismantled by discipline ([[determination]]).
Pursue knowledge to enable your dream. Don't let “I don't know how” to stop you. 

Education is freely available at home. Infinite knowledge is freely available all around you. You are limited by [[motivation]], discipline, and [[determination]].

You are in your own way. Make the right choice.

Make time by integrating education into your routine activities. 

Become a producer, not a consumer.

Don’t just be the cog in a wheel, be the wheel.

Good seminars:
Price are under $1000 and above free.
Make sure they practice what they preach.

Education serves a deliverable for the money tree, not to raise intrinsic value

The red line
Interest vs commitment. 
Investment.
E.g. reading the book vs applying the book.
Thought vs action.
Persistence 

The brick walls are there for a reason. The brick walls are not there to keep us out. The brick walls are there to give us a chance to show how badly we want something. Because the brick walls are there to stop the people who don’t want it badly enough. They’re there to stop the other people. –Randy Pausch

If you realize you're not like everyone, you'll realize that you can live unlike everyone.

[[Failure]] is the sweat of [[success]].

In order to take on [[risk]], you need to determine your floor of comfort.

It is easier to live in [[regret]] of [[failure]] than it is in [[regret]] of never trying. 

Someday never comes. 

Opportunity comes in the guise of change and challenges. You have to play on opportunities time not your time. Opportunity dresses itself as unfilled needs. If you don't take the opportunity someone else will. 

The only thing at the end of time, at the end of waiting is the specter of old age and [[death]]. 

Homeruns cannot be hit in the dugout.

Law of affection:
5 commandments of the fast lane

Need
To succeed as a producer you need to sacrifice your own selfishness and address the selfishness of others. 

Chase needs. Business are for others, not for one’s own needs.

Needs of the market instead of [[self-actualization]] need.

Entry

Control

Scale

[[Time]]

Don't use [[love]], use passion. Passion for something greater.

Find your why and let it drive you.

Saturation, noise, decline sales volume, profit erosion 

be the shark, not the guppy.

Be the driver, not the hitchhiker.

Innovation= manufacturing+distribution 

Opportunity 
Unmet need, feeling, fixing [[pain]], not explosive [[pain]] points and performance gaps.

Someone is always already doing it. Ask, can you do it better?

Create a brand, ambience, [[emotion]] (this is what you wanted out of music, a band)

# [[Feel Good Productivity]]

Don't be serious, be sincere.

# [[Self]]-development , Seduction
[[Owen Cook]]

There are many things I learned from him, but to pick a few: 

1. Field experience is king 

2. You already have mostly what you need to do well with women, naturally. You just to learn how to get out of your own way. 

3. Let go of the outcome, [[focus]] on the process. 

4. [[Self]] amusement is a key component in game. 

5. Good game is about having fun. 

6. [[Confidence]] is built from positive reference experiences. You can’t force it, but you can become indifferent to the outcome to get there. 

7. Free association. 

8. Take so much action that it overwhelms the thinking mind. 

9. Women are attracted to good [[emotions]] and fun, not logic. You can’t convince a girl to like you. 

When you stop caring about outcomes and combine that with [[self]] amusement, there isn’t much that you can’t do. Nothing will get to you. There is more to game than that, but when you're having fun and not in your head about anything, there are no limiting beliefs. Anything is possible.


# Rosicrucians
Our [[pain]] is the breaking of the shell that surrounded our understanding. –[[Kahlil Gibran]] The Prophet

[[Spirits]] of [[love]] (unity) and freedom (separation) - our incarnational task is to synthesize both concepts. 
Allurement vs Autonomy (Kabbalistic view)
Combinessence - great beings are actually combinations of small beings, like humans are collections of cells. The one and the many simultaneously.

# # The Biggest Skill Men Need In Today's World

[](https://www.youtube.com/@HealthyGamerGG)

## Compartmentalize our [[relationships]]
We rely on the women in our life for emotional support. We (needlessly) pair this requirement with our sexual requirement. This gets us into trouble.

We have to solve our own problems. This will make you needy.

Instrumental support - things to do to fix your problems.

Turn [[anger]] into accountability. 
We use [[anger]] to absolve us of accountability, to ignore culpability.

## [[Anger]] denies you the ability to improve. 

## Stop transforming, start accepting
[[Acceptance]]

The subconscious need that I can magically turn into whatever the world needs from me (Superheroes like Superman, Goku, etc.)

This is what we have been raised to want, and the world wants this of us too. 

To solve problems, challenges.

If a challenge prompts you to transform in order to solve the problem, who is in control?
	The challenge is in control. The challenge determines whether you will grow. 
	[[Transformation]] is reactive. It is a reaction to the [[pain]] of not being enough. Of needing to be something more. If there is no appropriate stimulus, you won’t be spurned to action.
	You lose control over your life. 
		The challenges will necessitate a [[transformation]] process for prompts that you had no control over, however, the [[transformation]] process is time and energy intensive. There is an opportunity cost. 
	“As long as you are letting other people dictate the person you want to become, you will never find the sustained [[motivation]] to actually do it.”
		The only fuel that may *sometimes* work is TONS of [[resentment]].

Your only other alternative is [[acceptance]].
	“It do be like that sometimes.”
	Simply wanting something from a state of lack does not provide sustained [[motivation]].
	You gain sustained [[motivation]] from [[confidence]], strength, discipline, [[determination]], [[appetitive]] drives.
	Reacting to challenges through [[transformation]] is an [[aversive]] drive.  You are running away from who you are to become something else.

[[Acceptance]] and commitment therapy. 
	**When we give up [[transformation]] temporarily, we stop letting circumstances dictate who we become.**

