---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-06-05
journal-end-date: 2024-06-05
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Create Dramatic Effects

At the time of Franklin Delano Roosevelt’s 1932 presidential election, the United States was in the midst of a dire economic crisis. Banks were failing at an alarming rate. Shortly after winning the election, Roosevelt went into a kind of retreat. He said nothing about his plans or his cabinet appointments. He even refused to meet the sitting president, Herbert Hoover, to discuss the transition. By the time of Roosevelt’s inauguration, the country was in a state of high anxiety. In his inaugural address, Roosevelt shifted gears. He made a powerful speech, making it clear that he intended to lead the country in a completely new direction, sweeping away the timid gestures of his predecessors. From then on the pace of his speeches and public decisions—cabinet appointments, bold legislation—unfolded at an incredibly rapid rate. The period after the inauguration became known as the “Hundred Days,” and its [[success]] in altering the country’s mood partly stemmed from Roosevelt’s clever pacing and use of dramatic contrast. He held his audience in suspense, then hit them with a series of bold gestures that seemed all the more momentous because they came from nowhere.

> Daily Law: Use theatrical timing to surprise and divert. Learn to orchestrate events like Roosevelt, never revealing all your cards at once, but unfolding them in a way that heightens their dramatic effect.
> 
> _The 48 Laws of Power_, Law 25: Re-create Yourself

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: List three things you’re grateful for about your childhood.

# [[How to get laid - part 1 - the foundations of [[success]] with women]]


# [[How To Get Laid - Part 2 - Outer Game Techniques]]


# [[Complex PTSD - From Surviving to Thriving]]


# twitter post
[[Default mode network]]

Before you throw shade on the Default Mode Network, remember that it facilitates:


1. [[Self]]-awareness

2. Learning

3. Compassion

4. Creativity

5. Autobiographical [[memory]]

6. Theory of mind

7. Moral reasoning

8. Social functions



