---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-04-07
journal-end-date: 2024-04-07
journal-section: day
---
```calendar-nav
```


| Time | Event |
|------|-------|
| 00:07 | Moon Conjunct Mars |
| 00:00 | Moon in Pisces |
| 05:09 | Moon Conjunct Saturn |
| 12:45 | Venus Sextile Pluto |


# Daily Law
## Seem Dumber Than Your Mark

> Know how to make use of stupidity: The wisest man plays this card at times. There are occasions when the highest [[wisdom]] consists in appearing not to know—you must not be ignorant but capable of playing it.
> 
> —[[Baltasar Gracián]]

If you are ambitious yet find yourself low in the hierarchy, this trick can be useful: Appearing less intelligent than you are, even a bit of a fool, is the perfect disguise. Look like a harmless pig and no one will believe you harbor dangerous ambitions. They may even promote you since you seem so likable and subservient. Intelligence is the obvious quality to downplay, but why stop there? Taste and sophistication rank close to intelligence on the vanity scale; make people feel they are more sophisticated than you are and their guard will come down. An air of complete [[Naivete]] can work wonders.

> Daily Law: In general, always make people believe they are smarter and more sophisticated than you are. They will keep you around because you make them feel better about themselves, and the longer you are around, the more opportunities you will have to deceive them.
> 
> _The 48 Laws of Power_, Law 21: play a Sucker to Catch a Sucker—Seem Dumber Than Your Mark


# Daily [[Gratitude]]: Share something you’re thankful for about your favorite holiday.
I can’t say that I have a favorite holiday but if I had to reflexively choose one, it would be Christmas, if only because of the Christmas season, the long vacation, and because of the pervasiveness of the holiday, I have actually participated to a small extent. I feel pangs of [[nostalgia]] where [[Victoria]] and I had our first Christmas and Muffin slept beneath the Christmas tree. It was cute. I bought a cheap Christmas tree because I didn’t think that we were going to stay at that apartment for very long so I didn’t want to invest, I didn’t want to set my roots down. Regardless of my [[nostalgia]], sorrow, and [[regret]], I am thankful that I had this [[memory]] to cherish to remind me of the painful lesson that life will pass you by. Before you know it, you will find that what you didn’t appreciate in the present will be magnified, expanded, and will be illuminated through the lens of [[regret]]. **Why offer the present moment to future [[regret]]?** Why sacrifice it? **Why exchange the present moment for future [[regret]]?** It isn’t a worthy exchange. It never is and can’t be. **It is highly unlikely that whatever the present moment feels like emotionally will be worse than the feeling of loss and [[regret]] in the future.** It logical that enjoying it now will often be the correct choice. I am thankful for this lesson. [[Memento mori]]. 

# Solar Eclipse
Today I decided (impulsively) to drive to see the total solar eclipse in person. I didn’t know that this “[[adventure]]” would be important to me but as I toyed with the idea, the more invested I found myself. The next solar eclipse won’t occur for 20 years. This is a rare lifetime event and it will be a [[memory]] I can bring with me throughout life. It is worth the investment. I became dismayed while trying to find solar eclipse glasses at the last minute. This is the day before and there were no same-day deliveries from Amazon, and all of the stores I called and checked were sold out however, just as I was about to give up, I stopped at a gas station and the clerk said that Speedways and 7/11’s carry them. I called the nearest Speedway and they still had them! I couldn’t believe my luck. Then, as I went home, I reached out to Caitlin to see how they were planning their trip and I came to realize that I could do this. I talked to my parents and they were also supportive. I can use their car to drive there. I have been planning my destination, and the trip in general. I need to plan out food however I am tempted to just eat restaurant food, make it a “cheat day” so to speak. 

The totality will be 3:06pm EDT.
