---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-04-04
journal-end-date: 2024-04-04
journal-section: day
---
```calendar-nav
```

# Daily [[Gratitude]]
I am grateful for a job where I can make a moderate amount of money without expending too much effort. It lets me preserve myself, keep myself. 

# [[Seneca]]
## For [[love]] of bustle 
is not industry, it is only the restlessness of a hunted mind.

## True repose 
does not consist of condemning all motion as merely vexation. That kind of repose is slackness and [[inertia]]. 

# Legacy 
Is out of your control. It is in the eyes of the beholder. [[Focus]] on yourself, your own actions, your own output, moment by moment. [[Focus]] on giving people something worthy of beholding.

# Past lives or generational [[trauma]]
#to-do 

# [[Stormlight Archive]]

## Lift
Lift lacks [[Identity]]. She never wants to stay in the same place for too long because then people become familiar. They form [[relationships]]. Then they think they know you. Then they start to expect things from you. Then you have to be the person they think you are (the persona), not who you actually are.

Any time you make people feel something, then you have [[power]] over them. That's why she makes sure not to let others make her feel, it's how you stay strong.

Lift avoids [[responsibility]]. She does not want to need to meet the expectations of others.

Lift wants control over her life, her destiny.

## Darkness
He relates justice to light. Justice is of honor. Of [[truth]]. Subjectivity cannot be trusted, it is changing. Only something outside of us, something unchanging, can be trusted. Light is unchanging.