---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-06-03
journal-end-date: 2024-06-03
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Take Control of Your Image

> The man who intends to make his fortune in this ancient capital of the world [Rome] must be a chameleon susceptible of reflecting the colors of the atmosphere that surrounds him—a Proteus apt to assume every form, every shape.
> 
> —Giovanni Casanova

**People will tend to judge you based on your outward appearance**. If you are not careful and simply assume that it is best to be yourself, they will begin to ascribe to you all kinds of qualities that *have little to do with who you are but correspond to what they want to see*. All of this can confuse you, make you feel insecure, and consume your [[attention]]. Internalizing their [[judgment]]s, you will find it hard to [[focus]] on your work. Your only protection is to turn this dynamic around by consciously molding these appearances, **creating the image that suits you**, and controlling people’s judgments. At times you will find it appropriate to stand back and *create some mystery* around you, heightening your presence. At other times you will want to be more *direct and impose* a more specific appearance. In general, you **never settle on one image or give people the [[power]] to completely figure you out**. You are always one step ahead of the public.

> Daily Law: Never let people think they have you completely figured out. Create some mystery around you.
> 
> _Mastery_, IV: See People as They Are—Social Intelligence


# Daily [[Gratitude]]: Express gratitude for the delicious flavors of your favorite foods.

I [[love]] eating eclairs from O&H bakery. They are a highlight of my morning workout routine now. I know I’m going to carb-load after a workout anyways, so I might as well make it something I normally don’t allow for myself. 

The major draw is the enormous amount of custard that they pack. I [[love]] the rich, luscious, unctuous texture of custard. Admittedly, I would prefer a bit more sweetness, however. Then the pastry provides a respite from the custard with a firm yet slightly chewy shell. Lastly, the strong chocolate frosting cuts through the sweetness with a slight bitterness to create a balanced experience of pure joy.

I am thankful for the opportunity to eat my favorite treats while still pursuing weight loss and body re-composition. I did not always have this understanding. 

# Misc

[[Rumi]]

# [[how to reprogram your mind and build your intelligence]]


# [[The Royal Sword]]



# For the weekly recap, I should take a screenshot of ChatGPT Previous 7 days section

I can explore what subjects I was prompting for the week. It let’s me know what I was interested in. Sometimes I don’t record everything as a reflection in [[Obsidian]]. 

# [[Mythology]] Research

I researched some of the world’s most popular mythologies, and I was able to validate my hypothesis that Hinduism is on an entirely different level than the rest of the world’s mythologies. 

This is prime real estate. There has been a systematic war to suppress the dharmic religions and associated mythologies. They have not received their fair recompense. In the decentralized information age, I can bring awareness to this injustice. Just deliver facts. The information is now freely available. 

# [[Complex PTSD - From Surviving to Thriving]]

# [[why you need to be more adaptable]]


# Youtube comment to [[philosophy]] tier list

This is the great, thank you for making this. There is an objective approach to subjectivity because facts inform opinions. 

That being said, I'm surprised you did not include Hinduism. I find Vedic [[philosophy]] to be fascinating. I can see lumping together most dharmic religions however that aggregate should not include Buddhism. Buddhism is the only useful [[religion]] in the world however that's only because it's atheism in disguise. For you to include Christianity but not Hinduism is indicative of cultural bias and/or lack of exposure. 

Christianity (somehow through extensive mental gymnastics you have decided to separate Christianity from its followers) has been great at killing and converting people. That is also its message and cannot be misinterpreted in any other way. Jesus commanded his followers to convert everyone else (through numerous verses). In a modern, pluralistic world, that automatically knocks it out of the ranking. 

If you start apologizing, reinterpreting, or cherry-picking, then why do other religions not get that same treatment? The [[truth]] is that no one should get that treatment. Ideas should be tested on their merits alone.

# Time-management

I feel guilty that I wasn’t able to start the 2-hour writer today. I have the work to do in front of me but I am lacking something, perhaps it truly is discipline. I don’t know what to do because work takes up my day from 6am to roughly 3:45pm. 

I find I need a bit of rest to transition from work straight to the gym however I did not used to require this. I may want an easier to digest carb-load and to eat my work-yogurt before leaving for home.

4pm at best, but generally 4hr 15 mins, then I absolutely require the gym which takes about 1hr 15 mins.

I get home at 5:30pm. I eat for 30 minutes so my day, the part that I own, would start at 6pm at the earliest. 
	Today I didn’t get my day started until 7pm because I was talking to my mom. 

So 6pm to 9pm is the time I have to myself. I find I need an hour of entertainment which means that I have 2 hours of work that I can do each night. 

Today I did write on Twitter, a YouTube comment, and I consolidated my thoughts in [[Obsidian]]. [[Obsidian]], knowledge management will be work but it won’t necessarily be project work. I need to get started on a project that lets me practice what I learn. I need to go to the mental gym. I need to manifest. 

Basically, **I need a 1.5 hour block of deep work in the evening**. I can do that.

My options include:
* Do some project work at work
* Do a project at work that satisfies the criteria for a home project
* Cut out all lax time in my day in order to eek out an extra hour. 
* Cut down the gym to 4 days a week (no).