---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-08-13
journal-end-date: 2024-08-13
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Journal

"The spirit of evil is the negation of life force by fear. Only boldness can deliver us from fear. If the [[risk]] is not taken, the meaning of life is violated." -[[Carl Jung]]

Vagal nerve stimulation - deep, easy breath in stomach and chest. Exhale - Vu'um. After, allow inhale to arrive itself. 

3 systems:
Fight/flight - sympathetic
Shutdown - vagus nerve overactive
Open social engagement connection system. Innately want to connect with others. Want to make eye contact. 

Bracing - in the body. Bracing for against threat, injury, [[emotion]]. Exercise - imagine tension intensify a bit, then let go. Let you be aware of it to release it. It's trapped energy. 

[[Trauma]] is dissociation from the body. 

Re-inhabit our container. 

# External [[Validation]]
I [[love]] coding. As I'm learning [[python]], I realize that I get pleasure from getting some code right. It was the same way with Lua when I was writing my own weak auras.

I was introduced to coding at a young age, however I wasn't given any guidance, my [[Father]] just sat me down with an old computer, way older than the Windows 3.1 computer we had, and a QBASIC book, a programming language that was not applicable to anything that I wanted to do. I was not guided in any way and I therefore I couldn't see the value in what I was doing, so of course I couldn't get started on the [[dopamine]] treadmill that fuels [[self]]-paced learning.

Fast-forward, and I never made the decision to care about coding because I consciously and sub-consciously used my dad as a model for what it means to be a software engineer. I used him to define what it meant to be a coder rather than make the definition myself. I was so fixated on the past, on the wound he left by being useless as a [[father]], and as a human being. Therefore, I never assigned any [[value]] to being a software engineer. I could have just used my own brain to determine value, however I was stuck on the past, stuck on his betrayal as a [[father]]. He has wounded me irreparably, not by what he did or didn't do, but rather, by the void he has left in my heart. However, that void is my doing, not his. I create and maintain that void. "Only you can break your own heart." He caused my broken heart, but it's only I that breaks it. Today, I still continually re-break it to maintain the narrative. 

The error here is allowing another, no matter how trusted, to define value for you. Only you can know your own [[values]]. Only you can define your own [[values]]. That is your [[autonomy]] as an individual. It is your [[karma]] that prevented you this "ordinary" ability that most people are generally endowed with. You let your dad define men, [[effort]], [[independence]], action. You let his definition of autonomy and manliness and [[responsibility]], and [[success]] define you. Therefore, you were poisoned. You let poison into your model. You have to choose your training data. 

# [[James Hollis ]]






