---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-02-23
journal-end-date: 2024-02-23
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Transits

| Time | Event |
|------|-------|
| 01:14 | Venus Conjunct Mars |
| 00:00 | Moon in Leo |

# Journal

There are some lessons failure teaches you, that adversity does not.

Julian
Adversity is when things don't go according to your plan. Adversity is when life says "nope, you can't go here". Adversity is a wall. We through a tantrum. Image of child only wanting sweets. Parents take away the sweets and replaces it with broccoli, because it is good for the child. In the short term, the child throws a tantrum, in the long run, the child thanks the parent. What was the sweets in our relationship? Unconditional love and blissful torpidity, avoidance of purpose, opiate. I used her presence like a drug. It's not her fault, it is mine. I could've guided us in any direction, but I chose lethargy. Of course she also chose lethargy, I believed she was predisposed to it, I obviously can't confirm now. I chose the direction. I was the leader, but I failed. I will do better next time. Take responsibility. Be proactive. I like the mirror woman. The cup woman. I will do better next time. I will savor my dessert until the end. I would not have disrupted this torpor, I wouldn't be who I am today I not went through three deaths in this break up. Blessings come in disguise. You want the blessing, then accept disguise, You have to be open to getting the lesson and committed to get better, not bitter. No matter how traumatic your life was, it does not give you the right to play small, and hold back on your dreams. You are not watching a "Saw" movie,  your life can be seen as a comedy movie. Comedy vs horror lens. It's not a tragedy, it's a comedy.

More does not increase fulfillment.

No regrets. The future can cause regret as well. What could have been. A fallacy. Unlike the past, the future is not known. A different past is also not known. This is called counterfactual thinking.

If you fear the future, it is because you are projecting too far into the future. The current you may not be equipped to deal with it. But current you won't be the one facing that. Future you will be very different. The further into the future you project, the scarier it is (seems). "that's a problem for future me" -> **up until now, you have a 100%  success rate with the present moment**. 

No matter how far you fall, you still have "you". Until that is enough, you need more inner work. 

Peter-Principle:
Everyone rises to the level of their incompetence. So  you'll keep getting promoted until you are mediocre. 

[[Dr. K (Alok Kanojia)]]
If you are stuck with a problem for a long period of time, and you think you understand the problem, then chances are that you actually don't understand the problem.  The problems you correctly understand, are the ones you fix. Therefore the reason the unfixable problems remain so is because you don't understand the problem after all. 

How can you value something so greatly when you have no knowledge (experience) of it. Fantasies, stories.

We do not understand how our actions shape the world we live in. As you stop believing in your agency, that your actions have consequences, that you are at the cause, that your actions  have impact, you start ignoring your actions , the one thing that can fix things.

A reason why I may have written off Victoria is because there's no way she would ever trust me after what I did to her. There is no way I could ask for forgiveness.