---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-06-04
journal-end-date: 2024-06-04
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## play on People’s Instinct to [[Trust]] Appearances

> Appearance and intention inevitably ensnare people when artfully used, even if people sense that there is an ulterior intention behind the overt appearance
> 
> —Yagyū Munenori

Basic to an ability to deceive is a simple [[truth]] about human nature: our first instinct is to always [[trust]] appearances. We cannot go around doubting the reality of what we see and hear—constantly imagining that appearances concealed something else would exhaust and terrify us. This fact makes it relatively easy to deceive. Simply dangle an object you seem to desire, a goal you seem to aim for, in front of people’s eyes and they will take the appearance for reality. Once their eyes [[focus]] on the decoy, they will fail to notice what you are really up to.

> Daily Law: Hide your intentions behind a cloak of carefully constructed appearances.
> 
> _The 48 Laws of Power_, Law 3: Conceal Your Intentions

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: Write about a time when you helped someone overcome a challenge.


# Misc
“Not out of judgment but [[discernment]].”

I'm scared of [[death]] primarily because of I wonder, will I be prepared for what's next?

What [[emotions]] do I elicit out of other people? Out of women?

> "A jack of all trades is a master of none, but oftentimes is better than a master of one"

# Twitter post - [[Judgement]] vs [[Discernment]]

They sound similar but there's a difference.

[[Judgement]] is static. It's offensive. There is a finality to [[judgement]].

[[Discernment]] is dynamic. It's an unfolding process. It's perceptive.

Both are protective, but one is often more useful.

# [[what is [[actualized.org]] - the big picture of personalized development ]]

# [[How to get laid - part 1 - the foundations of [[success]] with women]]

# [[The Prophets]]
