---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-09-02
journal-end-date: 2024-09-02
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [ ] AI
- [x] Entrepreneurship
- [ ] Socialization
- [x] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [x] Twitter
- [x] Breathwork
- [x] Second Brain

| Time | Event |
|------|-------|
| 07:36 | Moon Conjunct Mercury |
| 19:24 | Moon v/c |
| 19:07 | Pluto Enters Capricorn |
| 10:17 | Uranus goes Retrograde |
| 00:00 | Moon in Leo |
| 22:48 | Moon Enters Virgo |

# Journal



It's 10:44am and I ate a lot of food for breakfast, but I still feel a bit in my stomach due to [[anxiety]]. I don't know whether it has something to do with my day/night cycle or perhaps, it's because I took 200mg of caffeine today?

If your life is a story, that means that the start  was in the opposite direction of your hero's journey. Your delta will be one for the ages, the tension will lead to one hell of a release. It's not copium. Life is narrative.

If you look in the mirror and you feel the same, it's not real, it's a product of your mind. The universe is change, you can never stand in the same river twice. It feels the same, but it never can be. Don't let the mundane aspects of life big you down, rob you of zeal. You will never have this moment with this version of yourself again. Cherish it, cherish the magic while it lasts. You will get nostalgic over it in the future, no matter the valence in the present moment. 

Make sure your rituals and routines are aligned with your [[vision]]. But every micro decision moves you towards your goal.

The reason I don't want to finish my human computer metaphor article is because I feel like it's no longer mine. I wanted to make it about video game metaphor. 

maybe you're forgetting that we're heroes. If we don't keep fighting and chasing our ideal futures, then who's going to make sure they become reality? A hero's job is to make sure that his promises come true.

# Resentment
I am wracked by pangs of [[anger]] and [[resentment]] towards my [[father]] and towards Kendra, Greg, and my work situation. During my shower, it's as if dwelling on [[pain]] is masturbatory. It's as if I get some sort of pleasure out of attacking people in my head. However, my head is the battlefield. The attacks come through me, and land in me. They don't actually hit their target. "Holding onto [[anger]] is like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die." [[Resentment]] is caustic. I know that. I preach that. Yet it's all that I know: to resent those that harmed me. It's the [[Scorpio]] in me. There's an opportunity cost to these thoughts. Every second I pleasure myself, is a second that I can't put towards [[my goals]] and dreams. They are having the last laugh because they're robbing me of my dreams. I can't let them have the last laugh. The best revenge is [[success]]. I resent my [[father]] and I'm so hurt because I can never get rid of him. Even his [[death]] wouldn't change anything because he passed all of his foibles onto me. I can't get rid of myself. It's my very DNA. How am I supposed to remove this cancer when it's spread so far? It is who I am now. How can the plant rid itself of the dirt? Of the water? Of the sunlight? I feel forever tainted and corrupted. This is what makes me so angry at my [[father]]. Because he triggers me. When I see his weakness, his ineptitude, I am reminded that I too come from that stock, that I too am cursed to be inept, weak, powerless. I can't handle the idea of being powerless. It hurts too much. It's the same thing at work. I can't stand the misuse of [[power]]. To be powerless in shaping my destiny. To be powerless in exerting my [[power]]. To not have agency, control, [[freedom]]. These resentments are related. Each is a response to the tyrannical misuse of [[power]] by those that do not deserve to be in their positions (based on my perspective). I perceive each as blocking the expression of my [[power]]. This triggers me. It reminds me that I am subservient, ineffectual, weak, inept, powerless. Each reminds me that I am doomed to follow my leaders' footsteps into oblivion, because I can surely see that that is where they're headed. I don't want to follow them, yet I figure that I'm stuck following them, and so I too must enter oblivion. I resent that they're taking me to oblivion and that I'm powerless to stop them. They trigger me because they reveal to me my weakness to lead myself, to stand up for myself, to own my destiny, my [[identity]], my essence. The only [[power]] that drives me and anyone is [[God]]. If I remind myself of this, the problem disappears. I know that I am not in control, the Universe has shown me this over and over again. There are limits to my autonomy. However, these others "above me" are also not in control. They are victims to their [[environment]] and circumstances. That means that the only one in control is [[God]], the same essence that energizes me. I [[love]] [[energy]]. Therefore accepting that [[energy]]  guides all things means that [[God]] guides all things. I am willing to relinquish control only to [[God]], no other master. No other master, including myself, is truly qualified.

# Cynicism 
We are who we pretend to be, so we should be careful who we pretend to be - Kurt Vonnegut 

It's not about who we pretend to be, but who we pretend others are.

Social connection is a deep and necessary form of psychological nourishment. Living a cynical life, believing that no one else can be trusted, prevents you from metabolizing those calories of social connection. It leaves you malnourished. 

You choose to pretend that people are greedy selfish and dishonest. Treating others this way brings out those traits in them, it's a [[self]]-fulfilling prophecy. 

Insecure attachment a schema of whether others are safe or not. 

Cynicism versus skepticism. 
Cynics are like lawyers, they've already made their point there's just waiting for evidence to support their argument. 
Skepticism means thinking like a scientist. The desire for evidence to substantiate any claim being made.

Cynicism and gullibility/[[naivete]] are two sides of The same coin. Citizen is the blind mistrust without evidence.

Cynicism is a heuristic, a way to simplify the world. Black and white thinking.

Integrative complexity.

Learning Theory - a wicked learning [[environment]].
[[Bayesian]] [[statistics]]
You have a set of beliefs about the world You take new information in and that new information allows you to update your priors. Into a posterior distribution into a new set of beliefs. You learn about the world, you adapt to new circumstances and information. 
Oh we could learning [[environment]] is where your priors prevent you from from gathering the information with which You would need to confirm or disconfirm them. 
Example: mistrust 
We are never able to learn whether the person we're mistrusting was ever capable of being trusted or not.
When we choose to  [[trust]], we can learn, either that there our trustworthy people in this world, or we can be betrayed. Mistrusting incorrectly You don't learn from.

Cynics aren't smarter, they don't look at the data. There aren't better at detecting liars either.

Cynicism is domain generalized. 

If you're less likely to try trusting then you're less likely to gain the data that supports that trusting works.

Hopeful skepticism. Be skeptical because that means being scientific but also counter the inherent bias within us to be negative with a positive outlook. It's not that rose colored glasses are naive, it's that we're born with the suit colored glasses.

Cynicism is a skew towards life is hard, therefore I must protect myself. 

Exercise: be skeptical of you cynicism by using CBT techniques. 

