---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-03-29
journal-end-date: 2024-03-29
journal-section: day
tags:
  - unlinked
---
```calendar-nav
```

# Daily [[Gratitude]]
I am thankful for having stormlight Archive in my life. This story Speaks to me. It is also one of my greatest inspirations. 

# Knights Radiant
> Life before [[death]], strength before weakness, journey before destination.

Life comes before [[death]]. [[Death]] will always come but life comes first, cherish it.
## The Wretch
He means release, apathy. Not [[despair]], but not caring. [[Nihilism]]. 

The one thing the wretch was never able to do was successfully escape (unless by suicide, its last resort).

# Novel
## The world of forms
As a magical system that can be channeled by the caster in order to mix and match consciousness to bring about their will into reality. To manipulate a thing in the world of forms, to alter a things form, to sever or alter its connection from one form to another form, these are all ways in which matter can be manipulated. The world of forms is in spirit. The world of forms is approximated by levels of understanding, the ultimate form of a thing is the god of a thing. Chairness results in a god of chairs. 

## The world in and of itself
There will be a world in and of itself and then there will be successive sheaths that alter and filter it until the final sheath which is matter. These are planes however planes suggest that they are separated by distance, or that they are somewhere else. The planes all intersect each other. The axis mundi, the world tree is what connects them. Everything intersects with everything else. The nexus points are points of interest in the world.

# Eckhart Tolle
Give up waiting as a state of mind. When you catch yourself slipping into waiting, snap out of it. Come into the present moment. Just be and enjoy being.

