---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-04-13
journal-end-date: 2024-04-13
journal-section: day
---
```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Better to Be Attacked Than Ignored

Burning more brightly than those around you is a skill that no one is born with. You have to learn to attract attention, “as surely as the lodestone attracts iron.” At the start of your [[career]], you must attach your name and reputation to a quality, an image, that sets you apart from other people. This image can be something like a characteristic style of dress, or a personality quirk that amuses people and gets talked about. **Once the image is established, you have an appearance, a place in the sky for your star**. It is a common mistake to imagine that this peculiar appearance of yours should not be controversial, that to be attacked is somehow bad. Nothing could be further from the [[truth]]. To avoid being a flash in the pan, and having your notoriety eclipsed by another, you must not discriminate between different types of attention; in the end, every kind will work in your favor. Society craves larger-than-life figures, people who stand above the general mediocrity. Never be afraid, then, of the qualities that set you apart and draw attention to you. Court controversy, even scandal. It is better to be attacked, even slandered, than ignored. All professions are ruled by this law, and all professionals must have a bit of the showman about them.

> Daily Law: Make no distinction between kinds of attention—notoriety of any sort will bring you [[power]]. Better to be slandered and attacked than ignored.
> 
> _The 48 Laws of Power_, Law 6: Court Attention at All Cost

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: Share something you’re thankful for about your access to education.
I am thankful for all of the education accessible on YouTube. We are in an age where one can teach themselves literally anything. All that distinguishes us now is [[willpower]], drive, [[Motivation]], persistence, [[resilience]], [[determination]].

# Exxxotica
action, [[Sex]], [[repressed]], [[stifled]], [[starvation]], [[Growth]]
I did it. I took action. I went in, against all of the logical naysaying, and I went to the expo. It was not exactly like what I thought it would be, but I have to say, I had fun and I was able to get some of my goals met. I enjoyed the burlesque but soon realized that what I was truly craving was [[sex]], proximity to sexy women, women that I was attracted to. I found that while it was nice to see nearly nude women in person, looking from a distance felt similarly voyeuristic, perhaps to a lesser extent, but I still felt removed from the experience when watching a show on stage.

The last stage show featured a fat girl and I realized that I am not attracted to fat girls. I actually find myself repulsed, angry at them, and I understand that that isn’t fair, there are people that are into that body type, but I think it reminded me of my prison for the last 10 years. Where I was forced to endure a lifetime of a body type that I wasn’t attracted to in any way. 

Afterwards, I walked around looking at all of the booths and eventually realized that some of the booths had girls that had “touchy feely” pictures. I came across a girl, thelillithjane and I saw that she was giving an interview to someone on what I assume was YouTube. She had the largest breasts I had ever seen in person. I couldn’t help myself but be mesmerized and even though I was timid, and hemmed and hawed, I eventually worked up the [[courage]] to take a touchy-feely picture with her where I could grope her tits while taking pictures. That experience made me feel so alive. I instantly realized just how touch and [[sex]] starved I have been my whole life, for women that I was actually sexually attracted to. It was like lightning. I couldn’t believe how firm and heavy her tits were and I realized that I need more of this feeling in my life. This made me feel alive in a way that I simply haven’t been … since I was a teenager. 

I did some more rounds eager to continue this experience but realized that it would cost me, but also that if I was going solely off of touch, I wanted thick buxom women. There were some thinner girls with moderate assets and pretty faces, but that wouldn’t do much for a touchy-feely picture. Each picture was at least $20 so I had to be strategic. I then came across an Asian girl with the phattest ass I had ever seen, Tokyo Leigh, certainly the biggest I had seen in person. It was magical and I realized again that this was another experience that was worthy of paying for. I saw that I needed cashapp in order to make a purchase and that almost made me give up, but I installed and added my card on the spot in order to purchase a touchy-feely picture where I could grope the fattest ass I had ever seen! She was nice as well and was skilled at making me feel welcome. She even called me handsome at the end and it threw me off, I reacted in a…surprised but almost angry way? Like part of me was about to snap back “No I’m not, don’t you dare say otherwise!”.

These experiences showed me that I am starved for sexual attraction and having my sexual needs met. I am sexually starved and I am allowed to be attracted to whatever I want. I gave up at some point and I feel as if I am finally ready to thaw out. It hurts to realize just how emotionally stunted I am and I realize now that the only way out is through. I need hundreds more of these experiences where I fail, over and over again, until I can finally get my needs met. I do not want and will not negotiate on my needs. I will rise and become whatever I must become in order to get my needs met. For me. For us. I’m on our side and 20 years later, I’m finally ready. I need a big-titty princess and that’s okay. I will do what needs to be done to find her/them. I need to have fun. I need to break this seal on me. The one preventing me from having fun. Perhaps it’s my [[Saturn]] in the [[5th house]]. Surely we aren’t stuck with our stars. Surely there is a way through any placement that leads to [[transformation]] and growth. I have to be able to move and grow path this stifling.

Again, I am thankful to myself for actually following through, pushing through the fear, and getting these new experiences as rewards. These new [[Purpose]]s.
