---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-09-22
journal-end-date: 2024-09-22
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [ ] AI
- [ ] Writing
- [x] Socialization
- [ ] Meditation
- [ ] Walk
- [ ] X
- [ ] Breathwork
- [ ] Second Brain


# Transits
| [[Time]] | Event |
|------|-------|
| 03:49 | [[Mercury]] Square [[Jupiter]] |
| 15:53 | [[Venus]] Quincunx [[Neptune]] |
| 00:00 | [[Moon]] in Taurus |

# Journal

> "You are not the drop in the ocean, you are the ocean in the drop."

I can't [[focus]] on my [[purpose]] because I'm blinded by the [[pain]] of my circumstances. I pondered over the constant emotional [[pain]] I am in. I even told my [[mother]] about it in a roundabout way. She said that she has noticed a marked shift in my demeanor lately. It is work-related and that I must resolve it soon lest I be swallowed up by the [[pain]]. It all started around the [[Mercury]] retrograde and I don't see an end in sight. I don't understand how I'm supposed to endure this for months more still. I don't understand why the Universe is exacting this price from me. I don't understand how this benefits anyone. Why should I endure the [[uncertainty]] and stagnation in my current position? My best guess is that I am being guided to quit my job, to choose my own [[self]]-worth over my safety, an impossible choice because I won't have any worth if I run out of money. I am being asked to tolerate [[uncertainty]] and [[risk]] of poverty while still working to improve my situation. I think the cost is too high. Surely there's  an alternative test or alternative [[karma]]? I don't have [[faith]] in myself because I know that I haven't put in the work up until recently, if at all. I have started putting in much more work than I ever have the last few months, however, I'm still so woefully far behind. I don't have the accolades required for optionality. I don't have the [[power]] for optionality. I am powerless. I hate my powerlessness. I don't know what to do other than tolerate the intolerable. I don't understand why I am being backed into a corner like this, with no way out. I feel great [[anxiety]] every single day, to the extent that I have had to cancel my diet and eat at maintenance or even slight surplus. I need the food for [[emotional regulation]] because my [[emotions]] are a torrent. I don't know how long I can keep this up. I am being asked to transcend myself, and it is a painful ordeal. I don't know how I'm supposed to get out of this scenario. I need help, but I feel more alone than ever. As soon as I believe that there's some breathing room, the world around me falls apart again. Kendra is trying to destroy me, as she has destroyed Caitlin. Caitlin is no longer my friend. I am being attacked by those higher in [[power]] than myself. I need to figure out a way to make myself valuable. In the end, this is a puzzle of value. I don't have value, so I don't have leverage. So value = [[power]].


# Meeting with Pavi
[[AI]] Product Manager
- You need someone to vet these prepackaged [[ai]] tools. Someone who knows the ins and outs of software.
- I've grown up around computers since I was a small child.