---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-02-26
journal-end-date: 2024-02-26
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Transits
| Time | Event |
|------|-------|
| 00:00 | Moon in Virgo |



# Journal

# [[Dream Journal]]
have friends over in living room. Parents also there, no room. I am getting increasingly mad. There is no room for me. I leave. Friends were Dylan and later Victoria came too. After friends leave, I am livid with my parents. I yell furiously at them to stay the fuck away from my friends when I have company over. They defend themselves that they are lonely in their old age. I tell them I don't care and attack them. Tell my mother she is a hypocrite and should be going to an Science of Spirituality event, and I tell my father he is plain useless as a human being. They both defend stating they used to be useful when younger. I continue to tell them to fuck off in fury. My mom comments that Victoria looked thinner and that Dylan finally said "hi" to Victoria after 30 minutes. My brother had helped Dylan bring his guitar stuff to the car. I also remember that they/we were watching a movie starring Zoe Deschanel  that involved an open relationship and I remember it triggering me. 

While showering, I was contemplating the sacral, the voice, and recalled that I've always had this voice. It would even help me with math. I've decided to call it "The Little Voice, just behind the silence."

I find myself accepting being a generator. I also find myself wanting to be a manifesting generator less and less. I realize that the manifesting generator is a hybrid, and thus has an opportunity cost. It's description as a multi-tasker  and shortcut finder reminds me of a half-caster vs a full caster, of  a specialist vs a jack-of-all-trades/generalist. I want mastery. Depth. Now my journey is to discover what.

I feel at peace now. It feels strange and I worry that I may become complacent. I wasn't driven to write/journal as a compulsion. I had to force myself but it feels good as soon as I started. I now realize that I can create habits of virtuous activities, or I can fall until I go so low that life forces me to grow. If given the choice, I'd rather make small continuous progress, even if it is work. Complacency was my downfall. Drifting was my downfall. 



