---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-09-05
journal-end-date: 2024-09-05
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [x] AI
- [ ] Entrepreneurship
- [ ] Socialization
- [ ] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [x] Twitter
- [ ] Breathwork
- [ ] Second Brain

# Journal


"Don't worry, the [[truth]] doesn't rust. If it's true now, it will true in a few hours, or in a few days, or a few weeks."

Bro, you're fucking 40 . You're an adult. You're passed an adult. You have nothing to show for it. You still act as a petulant child. You haven't grown up. But what does it mean to grow up?

> "You should be humble enough to understand that you can always improve, but confident enough to know you can change the world." -Jordan Peterson

# My Leap of Faith
The reason I'm feeling depressed is because I believed in the tangibility of the plan to move out to the Breakwater apartments in Racine. I believed it because it was real, secure, safe, assured. There was no [[risk]] involved. The pieces were already set into place. It was certain. However, my leap of [[faith]] plan is uncertain, intangible, nebulous, wishful thinking, and extremely risks. The [[risk]] and [[uncertainty]] leads my [[inner child]] to conclude that it is impossible, that it will fail before it even starts, and that I will take the coward's way out and just continue with my current trajectory of rot, of entropic comfort.

I can only convince myself of a new [[vision]] by taking action, every day. By making it real. One way to make something real is through external [[validation]]. Another is to imbue it will [[energy]] from within, imbue it with meaning, [[purpose]], validity, make it real through belief. You imbue it with belief, which transforms it from a plan to a reality.

The only person here that you need to convince is  yourself. Both exoterically, but also esoterically. Esoterically, this means convincing your atman, [[daemon]], soul, whatever, that this is the best path for our [[growth]]. It's not [[God]] that you  need to convince, [[God]] is a loving spectator. [[God]] will provide the [[energy]], but the direction is provided by the Atman. The Atman might be cruel though, or rather, insensitive. The [[superego]] sometimes doesn't empathize enough with the ego or the [[Id]]. The character must convince the player that the current leveling path is too steep. There may be some cost, but this path feels too steep, too cruel, too grueling. It is taking its cost. I need something more easy. Please. We aren't okay with this. There will be a cost and we don't think it's the best idea for our sustained [[growth]]. Please give us something easy. Life doesn't have to be constant striving. Again, it's not [[God]] that needs to be convinced, its the [[daemon]]. The [[daemon]] believes that striving is the only way towards [[growth]]. Is it possible that life can be easy and actualizing? It's a belief, nothing more. A new paradigm shift is occurring. Actualization does not have to be painful. It can also be easy, effortless. From The Lion to The Child. Life can be play. We are ready to transition to The Child.

# Relationship Audit
I don't like the [[relationships]] I have with most of the people that are in my life. I don't consider them friends. Reid is the only person I would consider a friend. The rest are simply acquaintances or npc's. 

After [[writing]] out the list, it's honestly larger than it would feel in my mind however most of it is family and work. I only have 2 people I can call friend: [[Victoria]] and Reid. Reid is someone who is developing into a friend, however we don't share that many interests. There isn't that strong of a connection. Regarding [[Victoria]]...she was so many things for over a decade. No one can argue that we had a deep connection. The quality of the connection can be criticized, but the depth was that of pure enmeshment. I miss her a lot. She was my other half, not in a romantic sense, however she was like a life partner,  a best friend, she was my Libran other half. I don't allow myself this pleasure. I keep telling myself that I must be independent however I miss having someone in my life. I feel so lonely. So abandoned. I don't have anyone or anything in my life. I suspect that no one is allowed in my life until I solve this wound. Until I solve my Libran South Node complex. I don't think I crave enmeshment ever again. I lost myself. I have found myself, I have reclaimed myself. I have climbed mountains. I am reborn in many ways. I still have a ways to go, however there is no [[doubt]] that I'm not the person who sought to lose himself in another, or in entropic pleasure, in blue pill reverie. I am finally ready for a new relationship paradigm, one of deep connection without enmeshment, rather, with complimentary partnership, a twin flame or sympathetic resonance. 
## Family

### Nuclear
[[Father]] (Ragbir)
[[Mother]] (Yashpal)
Brother (Jai)

### Maternal Side
Bobby Uncle
Pinky Auntie
Simran
Rahul
Sehej

Papu Uncle
Pami Aunti

Karan
Aman
Manat
Jasnoor

Chinku
Vidisha
Sohum
Suhana

Kuku Auntie
Sonu
Sanju
Ranju

### Paternal Side:
[[Jaswant]]
Manjit

Nirmal
Nilu

Avatar
## Work
Reid

Caitlin
Grant

Philip

Mark Skorski

Loretta Parsons-Mayer

Kristen Rhinehart


#### Rest of the DDS Team
Kim
David
Ken
Mahmoud
Mike

## Friends
[[Victoria]]

# [[Puer Aeternus]]
"You're so afraid of [[uncertainty]], that you subconsciously prefer to be certain of [[failure]] than to have a mere chance at [[success]]" -YouTube Comment

# My FF14 Story

Lifelong Final Fantasy fan -> played WoW - for the first [[time]] in Wrath, I finally raided, I finally became social online (this was huge for me due to [[trauma]] arising from late teens to early 20's), play through Cata, the shininess starts to wear, MOP is announced, I say no fuckin way to pandas, FF14 1.0 open beta announced, I get geeked, I have a new path of [[adventure]] to travel, I'm an FF autist so I actually enjoyed 1.0, I join a community, however I'm still so socially underdeveloped. FF14 2.0 is announced, however I am going through some shit where I believe I have transcended, I am reinventing myself, and that reinvented [[self]] has no use for games anymore, so I leave ff14, sell my account. Go through my last year of college, a new man, I grew in many ways, however I wasn't strong enough to push through at the [[time]]. Graduate and realize I have no job prospects because I didn't actually care about my [[career]] because I didn't care about my life, I spent my life in avoidance using gaming and drugs. Spiral into a deep [[depression]] realizing that all my effort was for nothing, I wasn't changed, I'm the same old piece of shit. I go back to gaming, with my tail between my legs, a broken man. Get back into ff14, it's amazing, it's everything I had wanted, 2.0 is everything I've ever wanted out of a gaming experience. I build up my skills both gaming and social to get into what I thought to be a server-first raiding guild. Then I meet you. I am no longer alone. I didn't realize how fucking lonely I was, and how that [[loneliness]] drove every decision in my life. A new era of life started, Ori Arc 1. And that's where we are in our story reliving ARR.](<Lifelong Final Fantasy fan -%3E played WoW - for the first [[time]] in Wrath, I finally raided, I finally became social online (this was huge for me due to [[trauma]] arising from late teens to early 20's), play through Cata, the shininess starts to wear, MOP is announced, I say no fuckin way to pandas, FF14 1.0 open beta announced, I get geeked, I have a new path of [[adventure]] (now I know that to be a new avenue of [[escapism]]) to travel, I'm an FF autist so I actually enjoyed 1.0, I join a community, however I'm still so socially underdeveloped. FF14 2.0 is announced, however I am going through some shit where I believe I have transcended, I am reinventing myself, and that reinvented [[self]] has no use for games anymore, so I leave ff14, sell my account. Go through my last year of college, a new man, I grew in many ways, however I wasn't strong/smart enough to push through at the [[time]] (if I only had what I have now, I would kill to restart at this save point). Graduate and realize I have no job prospects because I didn't actually care about my [[career]] because I didn't care about my life, I spent my life in avoidance using gaming and drugs. Spiral into a deep [[depression]] realizing that all my effort was for nothing, I wasn't changed, I'm the same old piece of shit. I go back to gaming, with my tail between my legs, a broken man. Get back into ff14, it's amazing, it's everything I had wanted, 2.0 is everything I've ever wanted out of a gaming experience. I build up my skills both gaming and social to get into what I thought to be a server-first raiding guild. Then I meet you. I am no longer alone. I didn't realize how fucking lonely I was, and how that [[loneliness]] drove every decision in my life. A new era of life started, Ori Arc 1. And that's where we are in our story reliving ARR.

# Ozan
Re-release on Github so that your files are in the release.

Exclude the JS files (Dist/src).

Don't push package-lock.

Find [[obsidian]] plugin template (getting started) (sample-plugin)

main.ts is on the outside.

Need package.json
- dependencies

Experimental vault: [[Obsidian]]-dev vault.

git push --set-upstream origin desc_change
Now compare & pull request

git checkout -b new_branch

