---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-04-20
journal-end-date: 2024-04-20
journal-section: day
---
```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Be [[Royalty]] in Your Own Fashion

> With all great deceivers there is a noteworthy occurrence to which they owe their [[Power]]. In the actual act of [[deception]] they are overcome by [[belief]] in themselves: it is this which then speaks so miraculously and compellingly to those around them.
> 
> —[[Friedrich Nietzsche]]

The way you carry yourself will often determine how you are treated: in the long run, appearing vulgar or common will make people disrespect you. For a [[king]] [[respect]]s himself and [[inspire]]s the same sentiment in others. **It is up to you to set your own price**. Ask for less and that is just what you will get. Ask for more, however, and you send a signal that you are worth a king’s ransom. Even those who turn you down respect you for your [[Confidence]], and that respect will eventually pay off in ways you cannot imagine.

> Daily Law: By acting [[regal]]ly and confident of your powers, you make yourself seem destined to wear a crown.
> 
> _The 48 Laws of Power_, Law 34: Be Royal in Your Own Fashion: Act Like a King to Be Treated Like One

This passage speaks to my very soul. I understand now that I am [[royalty]].  Whether it is my Leo Rising, or it is a past life, I believe, against all that reality throws in my face, both from within and from without, that I am [[royalty]], that I am divinity. The best advice here is that we set our own price, and that it doesn’t HAVE to follow current market forces. There is something to be said about setting your own value, even if there aren’t any current buyers. 

### [[Noblesse oblige]]
“nobility obliges”
To protect the weak and regulate the strong.
Those with advantages have a moral obligation to extend kindness and benefits to those less fortunate. 
With great [[power]] comes great [[responsibility]].

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: Share something you’re thankful for about your favorite book.
I am grateful for the [[Stormlight Archive]] series for showing me how impactful fantasy fiction can be. The characters, especially [[Kaladin]], have inspired and taught me to be a better human being while simultaneously keeping me entertained.

# [[Homo Deus]]
## Dataism
[[Capitalism]] uses distributed data and communism uses centralized data.

Human value comes not from experiences, but from turning those [[experiences]] into data for the [[algorithm]].

When you follow your feelings, you follow an algorithm that has evolved over millions of years.

Before we looked to the [[stars]] to guide [[Fate]], then we looked within our hearts, in the 21st century, we have written algorithms that include and supersede our hearts to guide us. In the future we will write god.

The best algorithms aren't fully understood. Written by many including by the algorithms themselves using [[ML]].

In ancient times, having [[Power]] meant having access to [[data]]. Now, due to the [[Abundance]] of data, [[power]] lies in knowing what to ignore.

Organisms are algorithms and life is data processing.
[[Intelligence]] is decoupling from [[Consciousness]].

Nonconscious but highly intelligent algorithms may know us better than ourselves.

The influx of data has outpaced our ability to distill it into information without algorithmic assistance.

# [[Building a Second Brain]]

1. Make our ideas concrete - manifest physically.
2. Reveal associations
3. Incubate ideas over time - unshackle from recency bias.
4. Sharpen our unique perspectives - are rare human ability unlikely to be replaced by AI is persuasive argument in support or against decisions. 

## 3 stages of knowledge management 
Remembering - [[memory]] tool
Connecting - thinking tool
Creating - augment creation of what you want to see in the world.

## CODE Method
### **Capture** - capture only the cream of the crop. Only what resonates. What hits. Leave the rest aside. Intuitive [[discernment]]. A feeling, not logic decision. What moves you, your passion. 

By consciously letting go of the rest, we free ourselves from the fear of leaving something crucial behind. The inner [[guidance]] has already told us what we need to carry with us. [[Trust]] and free yourself. 

By flexing our [[intuition]] [[discernment]] muscle, we make it stronger, we can [[trust]] it more reliably. Eventually you realize it's all you've ever needed, if only you had the [[Courage]] and [[Faith]] to [[Trust]].

Won't be fatigued by feverishly capturing everything that crosses your path.

Information as nutrition. Choose your diet wisely, according to your constitution. 

Knowledge garden. You are planting your ideas to cultivate away from the deafening noise of all of nature. 

Crystals of imagination. Crystalize our thoughts. 

Is it worth keeping? Criteria for capture:

1. Does it inspire me?
2. Is it useful?
3. Is it personal, yours?
4. Is it surprising to you? Is it novel to you? Is it not confirmation bias?

Listen for resonance, an echo in your soul.

Listening to your [[intuition]] strengthens your [[Confidence]] and [[spontaneity]].

>Let your life be regular and organized, so that your work may be chaotic and violent and daring
-quote by someone




### Organize
Save for actionability. 


### Distill

### Express

Human brain uses grid code, spatial reasoning, coordinate system to remember.

## how did you play with Legos? 
I created “models”. My imagination ran wild. My dreams. My fantasies. Vehicles. Robots. Mechs, machines. Gears and engines. Machines. Things that “worked”, that did things. 


# [[Narrative Self]] vs [[Experiential Self]]
The narrative [[self]] is the [[inner parent]], the [[experiential self]] is the [[inner child]].
