---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-03-17
journal-end-date: 2024-03-17
journal-section: day
---
```calendar-nav
```

# Daily [[Gratitude]]

[[Spirits]]
# Dream
Dream with Victoria. We were in the same room I wanted to help her with her work show her how to do it better by implementing machine learning to show off and demonstrate how I could be useful so that she would continue to care for me even though we were distant now. I realized that I just wanted to be cared for and then I thought if I'm useful then she would care for me again. And that I could still be a part of her life and I could still get that affection even if the dynamic of our relationship has changed it would still preserve that dynamic. 
# [[Friedrich Nietzsche]]
#PhilosophizeThis 

## Ep. 92 Thus Spoke Zarathustra
### The Lion
> To create new [[values]] -- that even the lion cannot do; but the creation of freedom for oneself and a sacred "No" even to duty -- for that, my brothers, the lion is needed. To assume the right to new [[values]] -- that is the most terrifying assumption for a reverent spirit that would bear much. Verily, to him it is preying, and a matter for a beast of prey. He once loved "thou shalt" as most sacred: now he must find illusion and caprice even in the most sacred, that freedom from his [[love]] may become his prey: the lion is needed for such prey
### The Child
> But say, my brothers, what can the child do that even the lion could not do? Why must the preying lion still become a child? The child is innocence and forgetting, a new beginning, a game, a [[self]]-propelled wheel, a first movement, a sacred "Yes." For the game of creation, my brothers, a sacred "Yes" is needed: the spirit now wills his own will, and he who had been lost to the world now conquers the world.

- When we have rid ourselves of all "thou shalt" burdens, we become free to choose, like a child at play, seeing the world for the first time. Pure life affirmation, purely in the present, going from one game to the next, rapidly picking up and dropping different rule sets. This requires a de-emphasis on grasping and attachment of a particular rule set or game. 
- excited about finding new games to play.
- new ways to look at things
- not living life the same way over and over. 
- Wanting to take risks.
- Instead of wanting something and running from it, telling yourself that you can't do it/pursue it, you chase it with zeal, even if it means risking your life to get what you want out of this world. 
- it's only in this place that we can become masters of our own desert (we create our oases wherever we want) and create our own [[values]]. 
- the most [[happiness]] out of life comes this process of not denying yourself the things that you you want, but affirming life, and even taking big risks to get what you want.
### The Last Man
He never leaves his comfort zone. 
Doesn't challenge himself.
Doesn't have goals.
If asked they are happy, they would respond "yes" but it is a shallow [[happiness]]. 
The opposite is the overman, the [[The Ubermensch]]. We will never reach the destination, but that's a good thing, because now we have an eternal goal to strive for. 
## Ep. 93 Nietzche pt. 4 - [[Love]]

The symposium
Socrates

[[Love]] of the body
[[Love]] of the soul 
People get stuck at these first two rungs of the ladder.

Romanticism redefined [[love]] as the intense feelings you feel at the start of a relationship that persist throughout the entirety of the relationship.
When you meet someone initially and they make you feel a certain way that will decide the course of the entire relationship.
If you can't tolerate a person at their worst then you don't deserve them at their best.
But it's supposed to be included get somehow these blind feelings are supposed to link to each other without any sort of reason between each state.
Arthur schopenhauer compared marriage as two porcupines trying to huddle together for warmth.
They're trying to find a distance that it's close enough but not too close where you poke each other with your spine.
Believe in survival you will to survival and so when finding a maid for someone that compensate for shortcomings and so as a unit YouTube will survive better.
Nature is a fan of items which means he loves seeing dichotomies as he sides of the same coin. The same thing in two different states.

> Greed and [[love]]: what different feeling these two terms evoke! Nevertheless, it could be the same instinct that has two names – once deprecated by those who have, in whom the instinct has calmed down to some extent, and who are afraid for their ‘possessions’, and the other time seen from the point of view of those who are not satisfied but still thirsty, and who therefore glorify the instinct as ‘good’.

- In other words, the experiences of both greed and [[love]] are the same drive or instinct, but depending upon the level of satisfaction one has achieved, this drive will be alternatively named ‘greed’ or ‘[[love]]’: satisfied people who feel their possessions (their lover for example) threatened by others will name other’s instinct for gain greed or avarice, whereas those who are still searching out something new to desire will impose a positive evaluation on that instinct and call it ‘[[love]]’. So erotic [[love]] is really a drive towards possession that “has been glorified and deified” (14) by those in search of acquiring something to enrich themselves.

Nietzche does not believe that this is morally wrong he believes that this is a mutually beneficial will to [[power]].

> I know my [[fate]]. One day my name will be associated with the [[memory]] of something tremendous — a crisis without equal on [[earth]], the most profound collision of conscience, a decision that was conjured up against everything that had been believed, demanded, hallowed so far. I am no man, I am dynamite.


# A person is successful if they know who they are, know where they are moving, and are progressively moving in that direction.
Bob Proctor

# I want to be validated by beautiful people
[[Identity]], [[Happiness]]
This was from my task list and is outdated. I want the [[validation]] to prove to myself that I am beautiful. Like attracts like. If a valuable person chooses to invest in me, I can only conclude that I am at least as valuable. 

The interaction is a means to an end (to feel valuable). The beautiful person is a means, not an end. I am but a means (a valued object)rather than an end (a being of infinitely value).

# I turned 72 today, Here’s 32 things I’ve learned that I hope help you in your journey
#reddit, #orphaned 
https://www.reddit.com/r/lifehacks/comments/1bgw44k/i_turned_72_today/?share_id=0xVIOht1Y8wAiz6q0ktHB&utm_content=1&utm_medium=android_app&utm_name=androidcss&utm_source=share&utm_term=13

1. It’s usually better to be nice than right.
    
2. Nothing worthwhile comes easy. 
    
3. Work on a passion project, even just 30 minutes a day. It compounds.
    
4. Become a lifelong learner (best tip).
    
5. Working from 7am to 7pm isn’t productivity. It’s [[guilt]].
    
6. To be really successful become useful.
    
7. Like houses in need of repair, problems usually don’t fix themselves.
    
8. Envy is like drinking poison expecting the other person to die.
    
9. Don’t hold onto your “great idea” until it’s too late.
    
10. People aren’t thinking about you as much as you think. 
    
11. Being grateful is a cheat sheet for [[happiness]]. (Especially today.)
    
12. Write your life plan with a pencil that has an eraser. 
    
13. Choose your own path or someone will choose it for you.
    
14. Never say, I’ll never…
    
15. Not all advice is created equal.
    
16. Be the first one to smile.
    
17. The expense of something special is forgotten quickly. The experience lasts a lifetime. Do it.
    
18. Don’t say something to yourself that you wouldn’t say to someone else. 
    
19. It’s not how much money you make. It’s how much you take home.
    
20. Feeling good is better than that “third” slice of pizza.
    
21. Who you become is more important than what you accomplish. 
    
22. Nobody gets to their [[death]] bed and says, I’m sorry for trying so many things.
    
23. There are always going to be obstacles in your life. Especially if you go after big things.
    
24. The emptiest head rattles the loudest.
    
25. If you don’t let some things go, they eat you alive.
    
26. Try to spend 12 minutes a day in quiet reflection, [[meditation]], or [[prayer]].
    
27. Try new things. If it doesn’t work out, stop. At least you tried.
    
28. NEVER criticize, blame, or complain.  
    
29. You can’t control everything. [[Focus]] on what you can control.
    
30. If you think you have it tough, look around.
    
31. It's only over when you say it is.
    
32. One hand washes the other and together they get clean. Help someone else.

# How to Absorb Books 3x Faster in 7 days (from a Med Student)
[[Reading]]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vge9LQIV1bg
1. Read faster
	1. Eliminate Subvocalization: https://www.spreeder.com/
	2. Use a Visual Tracker
2. Use a Reading Strategy
	1. Pareto principle: 80% of the information comes from 20% of the content. 
		1. Do not give every word or section of the book the same attention. 
		2. Skim over the parts you find redundant.
	2. Summarize Information
3. Increase comprehension
	1. Summarize and consolidate information.
		1. Summarization: at the end of every page, summarize in 1-2 lines. 
		2. Consolidation: act on what you've read. 
			1. Salim would stop reading until he had taken action on a certain part of what he was reading for at least a whole day.
			2. Learning is about changing your behavior after exposure. If you don't change anything, you haven't learned anything.

# # How to Type 3x Faster in 7 Days (from a Med Student)
[[Reading]]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gi5Y8wUZtIA


1. Improve Short-burst typing speed
	1. Do 15-second typing tests 10 times a day.
	2. In real life, you aren't typing for long periods of time as you would during typing tests.
		1. When you are typing what someone had just said.
		2. When you are writing an essay and you quickly type out a thought before returning to thinking.
	3. https://monkeytype.com/.
2. Syllables, not letters
	1. Type by grouping syllables together as a single fluid motion. Think of legato. Hammer-ons.  
3. Practice Typing Real Sentences
	1. Type quotes from real scripts.
	2. https://play.typeracer.com/
4. Prioritize Accuracy
	1. Take more time on harder words. Slow down instead of making mistakes. Consistently making mistakes reinforces muscle [[memory]] to continue making mistakes.
5. Know Your Shortcuts
	1. Ctrl+Backspace: to delete an entire word.
	2. Ctrl+Delete: delete entire sentence.

# Improving working [[memory]]
[[Reading]]

1. Diet 
2. Physical exercise
	1. Aerobic fitness
3. Avoiding stress 
4. [[Mindfulness]]
5. Having a real need for working [[memory]]
	1. I think translators have great working memories because they have to hold a lot in their mind. So they have real need for it and practice a lot.

# Mars enters Pisces 2024
#[[astrology]] 
House of [[transformation]] and intimacy.
Healing [[trauma]] working through fear but also gaining of other people's resources.
Transforming or Expanding your beliefs of home and family.

# How I remember everything I read
[[Reading]]
https://youtu.be/lnFHwl2Dbr0

- Need a capture system.
- Rule one needs to be as frictionless as possible.
- Rule two the information needs to be siled in as few places as possible.
- Rule 3 is have a way to maintain the importance and relevance of information either by deleting redundant information or promoting very important information.
- Rule 4 everything needs sources..
- Rule 5 everything needs a why. Context.

- Digital books read them on iPad or Kindle.
- Everything from your Apple Store and Kindle store and so did all into notion.
- Audio books - for audio books if the book is really good and very dense and requires a lot of notes then it may be better to have a physical copy in order to write notes in the margin and highlight.
- You can then listen to the book in audio and highlight the physical book at the same time.
- They're a hassle to digitize.
- Instapaper integrates with ReadWise 
- Twitter can be a gold mine for curated content.
- Utilizing the above everything ends up in notion, ReadWise page and Links page. 

# Lecture #9: How to Read so that you *Retain* Information
[[Reading]]
https://youtu.be/uiNB-6SuqVA


- Read a paragraph and in the margin summarize that paragraph in one line sentence.
- When you get to the third paragraph you are going to write two sentences. The first sentence will summarize the first and second paragraphs that you just read, the second sentence summarizes the third paragraph.
- In the fourth paragraph you write two sentences again The first sentence summarizes everything up until this paragraph the second sentence will summarize the fourth paragraph.
- As this process continues you will have to keep summarizing everything but you're going to have to leave things out You're going to have to choose what to keep what's most important and what can be left behind.
- This may seem like this is going to take a lot of time and be a waste of time but what's truly a waste of time is spending time passing your eyes over text and not retaining the information. You might as well do something more productive.
- Active reading meme thinking through what you're reading and linking it to ideas you already know this will help with retention.
- Speed reading is a scam. RSVP works the same as skimming.

# Economics is the study of the allocation of scarce resources.
#orphaned

# [[Gratitude]]: I am grateful for having a second chance.
I feel like I am starting a new life. I am starting over, but it feels fresh, like a new playthrough, but also like a new game plus type of vibe. I feel like the main character Sung Jin-woo in that I was weak, I went through such a great amount of [[pain]], however I somehow survived. Even though the ordeal itself didn't radically change me in any outwardly way (his rank was re-tested to see if he underwent a reawakening and it was concluded that he didn't, there was no numerical increase), I am now able to level up. I am able to progress. My effort yields results. I am not stuck. I am a function of my effort and because of my nature, I am able to direct my effort in intuitively guided directions. Directions that I feel many others would not have followed. I also have already lost everything so I have the drive, the [[willpower]], and [[ambition]] to push forward, to not remain complacent. I am twice-born.

# Ori and my equivalent exchange
I gave of myself to her even though it was one-sided. As a result, I had to take from her in other cruel and maladaptive ways as compensation. I had to take what I was owed because it wasn't freely given. Because I felt that my contribution was forcefully taken even though it was my fault for being a people pleaser. I felt coerced into giving because I was desperate. That is a me problem, not a her problem. What was a her problem was that she wasn't compatible with me. she is not my intellectual or spiritual equal. That's not her fault though. It is my job to say no, we are not compatible. Not lire her in because I am lonely and then resent her for not being what i wanted.

From now on, I would rather just exchange equally from the onset which means denying any unequal partnerships before exchanges begin in earnest.


