---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-04-08
journal-end-date: 2024-04-08
journal-section: day
tags: []
---
```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law

| [[Time]] | Event |
|------|-------|
| 03:26 | [[Moon]] void of course |
| 06:24 | [[Moon]] Enters Aries |
| 05:24 | [[Moon]] Conjunct [[Venus]] |
| 03:26 | [[Moon]] Conjunct [[Neptune]] |

## Master Your Emotional Responses

> A sovereign should never launch an army out of [[anger]], a leader should never start a war out of wrath.
> 
> —Sun Tzu

Angry people usually end up looking ridiculous, for their response seems out of proportion to what occasioned it. They have taken things too seriously, exaggerating the hurt or insult that has been done to them. They are so sensitive to slight that it becomes comical how much they take personally. More comical still is their belief that their outbursts signify [[power]]. The [[truth]] is the opposite: Petulance is not [[power]], it is a sign of helplessness. People may temporarily be cowed by your tantrums, but in the end they lose respect for you. They also realize they can easily undermine a person with so little [[self]]-control.

> Daily Law: Displaying [[anger]] and [[emotion]] are signs of weakness; you cannot control yourself, so how can you control anything?
> 
> _The 48 Laws of Power_, Law 39: Stir Up Waters to Catch Fish

### Reflection:
I am guilty of this. I get angry when I am insulted by [[fate]], by the universe. I feel it is a personal attack. I felt that way this morning when I bought some pastries and then on the way home, had to brake, and because I wasn’t used to driving my parents’ vehicle, the brake was sudden and my pastries fell onto the dirty car floor. I was so upset at the universe, at all of the circumstances that led to the event that ruined my pastries  (I still ate them after cleaning them a bit). I felt personally attacked and my outburst was a tantrum that thankfully no one was there to witness besides myself. Every [[time]] I do this, some part of me loses respect for myself. I realize that I am not in control, and the belief in my personal agency erodes. Why allow that to occur over something that has nothing to do with agency?

In a more literal sense, I also allowed these sorts of angry tantrums out around [[Victoria]] throughout our relationship. I know that she lost respect for me constantly over those 10 years. I deserved it. I didn’t deserve respect acting so petulantly. I didn’t have emotional control. I understand that neither did she, but that doesn’t make a difference regarding how I should or shouldn’t act. 

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: Express gratitude for the variety of delicious foods in the world.

Today I ate at Fogo de Chao, a Brazilian Steakhouse. I must say that while expensive, it was the most delicious experience I have ever partaken in. I tried all kinds of grilled meats to that point where I couldn’t eat another bite. It was insanity. I never thought I could have too much grilled meat but today I learned. It tasted so good, I feel I will have to visit at least once a year. 

# [[Solar Eclipse]]
## Journey before destination.
I drove for 9-10 hours today, the most I had ever driven. Due to traffic conditions I wasn’t able to make it as far south as I had intended however I think I made it far south enough to experience the totality. While there was a tiny sliver of sun still left, and while it didn’t look like how I naively though it would (a black disk with a halo), I can still claim that I experienced a total [[solar eclipse]].  I went on an [[adventure]] today. 

## I navigated [[uncertainty]], and everything was okay. 

On the way back, I even navigated [[uncertainty]] when going to Fogo de Chao for dinner. Part of me wanted to give up at many stages when confronted with resistance or [[uncertainty]], but somehow I was able to push or work through every (seeming) hurdle. The things I thought were hurdles were not actually hurdles at all. I thought that the attire would be a hurdle, as it was listed as “smart casual” however I was wearing a t-shirt. It turns out that everyone was wearing casual clothing when I got there, but I reasoned that I didn’t care, I would be okay, and it was unlikely that I would be turned away, and if I was turned away, then it would be a sign and lesson that it wasn’t meant to be. Next I didn’t know whether I could bring my tablet in there because it was a fancy restaurant, but I brought it anyways but it turned out that it wasn’t the type of restaurant where I would have to wait for food so my tablet just sat there. Regardless, it didn’t present a problem. While I was worried about the calories, it was all meat so I got an enormous amount of protein, likely the most I’ve ever eaten in one sitting. It was one of the best culinary experiences I have ever had. I was worried about navigating the parking, but when I called to cancel my reservation, the woman on the phone helped me find out how to navigate the parking and find my way to the restaurant and ensure that the parking was free. When I realized that my phone was losing [[power]] and wouldn’t have enough for the entire journey, I had stopped at a gas station and they had a phone charger for a modest fee. 

**Every obstacle I had narrated to myself ended up being insubstantial**. It turns out there isn’t nearly the amount of resistance from the world as I believe there to be. This is an outdated and [[self]]-sabotaging belief. 




