---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-11-23
journal-end-date: 2024-11-23
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [ ] Inner Work
- [ ] AI
- [ ] Writing
- [ ] Socialization
- [ ] Meditation
- [ ] Journal


# Transits

| Time | Event |
|------|-------|
| 00:00 | Moon in Virgo |



# Journal

Today I pondered over my decision over what tell Pavi.

Today I was  mean to my father, I was training him with tough love. This caused my mother to become frustrated. I realized that my emotional state transferred to the rest of the family. This caused a cascade reaction where my mother was frustrated at me for not pitching in more with taking care of my dad because it takes so much work in order to train him, with no hope of progress. He's a true  drain. I became angry and said agreed that I should not be involved in my dad's rehabilitation. I referred to him as a drowner and stated that I refuse to join my mother and brother in drowning trying to save a man that won't even put in the effort to swim. Why throw away 4 lives? This caused my mother to have a bit of a breakdown. After some time, I stated to her that the only logical solution is to put him in a nursing home. There's no way that she can handle taking care of him for all those years. Even if she were capable of it, she knows that deep down, he's simply not worth it. He literally curses her as she tries to help him. What type of person is my father? Why would I be descended from such filth?! Truly the most shameful and despicable of human beings. A person who won't put in the effort to improve himself. Expects the world to bend to his whims and take care of him. The entitlement. The weakness. The arrogance. It's all too much and I see that that is my shadow. My father is my ultimate shadow...and  oh what a formidable shadow. How can I integrate that? Where is there room for that in humanity? What purpose does that serve? I cannot see that as a part  of God. I know logically that it  is, but I don't understand how. And now , even though I know that a nursing home is the only viable solution as my mother and brother aren't trained to care for my father for the rest of their life, I still feel guilty for abandoning him. However, he must be abandoned in this situation. There is no helping him.
 



