---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-05-24
journal-end-date: 2024-05-24
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Easy Money

> This desire to get something for nothing has been very costly to many people who have dealt with me and with other con men. . . . When people learn—as I [[doubt]] they will—that they can’t get something for nothing, crime will diminish and we shall all live in greater harmony.
> 
> —Joseph Weil

Dangling the lure of a free lunch is the con artist’s stock in trade. No man was better at this than the most successful con artist of our age, Joseph Weil, aka “The Yellow Kid.” The Yellow Kid learned early that what made his swindles possible was his fellow humans’ greed. Over the years Weil devised many ways to seduce people with the prospect of easy money. He would hand out “free” real estate—who could resist such an offer?—and then the suckers would learn they had to pay $25 to register the sale. Since the land was free, it seemed worth the high fee, and the Yellow Kid would make thousands of dollars on the phony registration. In exchange he would give his suckers a phony deed. Other times, he would tell suckers about a fixed horse race, or a stock that would earn 200 percent in a few weeks. As he spun his stories he would watch the sucker’s eyes open wide at the thought of a free lunch. Don’t let yourself get lured in by the prospect of easy money. As the Yellow Kid said himself: greed does not pay.

> Daily Law: Be suspicious of anyone dangling the lure of something for nothing. Get-rich-quick schemes are scams. The lottery is really a tax on the mathematically illiterate. There are no shortcuts to [[power]].
> 
> _The 48 Laws of Power_, Law 40: Despise the Free Lunch

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: What’s a motivational quote that has pushed you forward?




# Akrasia

# Sartre
## Anguish

consciousness is freedom. This is terrifying, creates Anguish. We seek to escape Anguish. 

We try to avoid [[responsibility]] through blaming or offsetting. Such asGod or the unconscious mind. 

[[Emotions]] are a choice. Intentional. [[Consciousness]] of something, it's directed. It's about an object. 

We use [[emotions]] as a strategy, such as to escape the world. [[Emotions]] are ego maintenance subroutines. 

How convenient that those that have better coping strategies than [[emotion]] are less moody people?

[[Consciousness]] is nothingness is choice is freedom

# Fearlessness vs [[Courage]] 

Fixing insecurities ironically reinforces them. 

# https://youtu.be/ry3Y9GpNQQU
[[Entrepreneurship]], [[Writing]], [[Ship 30 for 30]]


You know the one thing what you need to do but you spend all of your time doing everything else because the one thing that they need to do is new and uncomfortable.
	[[Entrepreneurship]] is about growing emotionally, to identify what is preventing growth, and confronting the dragon head on. 

If you want to learn more about yourself, start a side hustle. The resistance you encounter will teach you much about yourself. 
	Your relationship with yourself will change as you progress through the stages.
	Faulty belief systems, reluctant to change, etc.
	The business bottleneck will always be yourself. You will of course identify a bottleneck, but to act on that bottleneck will require action. That action can only happen after internal growth and change. You need to level up in order to meet each challenge. 

At every stage of business, your thinking will change as you progress. They are different worlds.

Identify the bottleneck, remove the bottleneck. The slog before the bottleneck is the longest period of time. Once the bottleneck is removed, the [[flow]] will double, and this new influx will break the system in some way and will force an adaptation. 

0→10k→20k→50k→100k→200k

0-10K: sell a course, service, digital product. Podcast curation. The initial bottleneck is just acting. Until you can get to doing $10k/month based on one single thing, you won’t be able to scale. Make small bets to a lot of different things.

Improve the product and tell everyone about it. Get more eyeballs. 

Fly wheels

# [[Twitter]]

How to leverage [[Twitter]] as a writer:
1. Build a community: follow and engage with other authors. See what they are doing.
2. Share your journey: this will help you connect with your audience.
3. Promote your work.
4. Engage with your audience.
5. Add value with your content: share useful and interesting content. Examples include tips, recommendations, or insights.
6. Utilize hashtags
7. Run contests and giveaways: increases engagement and attracts new followers
8. Collaborate with influencers: this will help you extend your reach.
9. Optimize your profile: make sure your profile clearly communicates who you are and what you do.
10. Consistent but thoughtful: add value.

# [[Copywriting]]

Study writing exercises.

# https://youtu.be/gtMqg_QWMzA
[[Dan Koe]]
A content creator is a way of life 
Capturing ideas and distributing the valuable ones to people who are in the same boat and solving the problems and distributing the solutions to the people that have the same problems as you.

Most writers try to sell their services on social media 
[[Writing]] is both the traffic mechanism and a means by which to create an information product 
Or to create the education and marketing around the product you want to sell 

Writers think that they need to monetize their writing as opposed to creating the solution to the problems that they're talking about in their writing.

[[Writing]] starts with a problem and then create steps in value to get to a solution. 

Use your writing to sell a product. Your writing is not the product itself. 

If you slowly build a detailed readership launch a product you'll be good with getting things 80% right. 

Distribution is how you bridge product and people. 

Prioritize learning and idea generation. 

Start a freelance business: You can sell social media content, [[copywriting]], emails, etc. 

For your first product do something that you know already works, that someone is already doing, but take ownership and do better. 

Distribution, offer, leverage and scalability. If you don't like a job then you won't like client work either, you keep having to play on the [[environment]] terms. 

90% of the market are beginners. You can scale a digital product much easier. 

Problem - capture their attention by talking about the problem they are facing. 

Amplify - How the problem affects them and why it needs to be solved.

Solution - position your offer as the solution to their problem.

Entrepreneurs are creative problem solvers, they create solutions, they forge paths. They solve both inner and outer problems by creating solutions by forging a path forward.

Your income is only limited by your beliefs perspectives skillset and real world practice.

# [[Writing]]

Remember: your market are people two steps behind you.

First post ideas:
1. “Paying” [[attention]].
2. [[Writing]] your life story. Living is an act of creation rather than consumption.
3. Sartre on anguish, the burden of [[freedom]].
4. Kant: not treating oneself as a means to an end. 
5. How do stop living your life on autopilot. How to stop living like a zombie. How to live intentionally. How to have the [[courage]] to wake up.
6. How starting with the body is the key to changing the mind, not the other way around. This is based on the false dichotomy of the mind and body being separate which is itself based on the false assumption of a substance based ontology.

