---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-05-09
journal-end-date: 2024-05-09
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## See Through the Emotional Outburst

If a person explodes with [[anger]] at you (and it seems out of proportion to what you did to them), you must remind yourself that it is not exclusively directed at you—do not be so vain. The cause is much larger, goes way back in time, involves dozens of prior hurts, and is actually not worth the bother to understand. Instead of seeing it as a personal grudge, look at the emotional outburst as a disguised [[power]] move, an attempt to control or punish you cloaked in the form of hurt feelings and [[anger]]. This shift of perspective will let you play the game of [[power]] with more clarity and energy.

> Daily Law: Instead of overreacting and becoming ensnared in people’s [[emotions]], turn their loss of control to your advantage: you keep your head while they are losing theirs.
> 
> _The 48 Laws of Power_, Law 3: Conceal Your Intentions

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: Reflect on a time when you felt truly understood by someone.

# [[Feel Good Productivity]]

Albert Bandura
Vicarious mastery
Watch how your heroes win.

Active mastery
Learn by doing

Zen Buddhism
Shoshin Beginners mind

The Protege Effect

Intrinsic [[motivation]] is linked to our need for control, Autonomy

choice is [[power]]. choice is a mindset.

Take ownership of the process, if you can't control the outcome. 

Relational energy
Find your scene
We lift each other up, makes each individual stronger
Helpers high: When we help someone oxytocin is released.
The Benjamin Franklin effect - when we ask help from someone it's likely to make them feel better about us, warms them to us.
Avoid negative and transactional framing of your request, instead use positive language where you upsell them 

Overcommunicate
Sharing good news doubles good affect, sharing bad news halves bad affect.

# existential crisis, [[despair]],  we have become our own gods
We are terrified of the burden we have brought upon ourselves. In our rebellion, we didn't realize what the consequences of our murder would be. Hence we are desperate to outsource this [[responsibility]] to anyone willing to take it, friends, lovers, parents, our workplace, society. 

We must take on this burdensome mantle and take [[responsibility]] for our actions, for our decision, our destiny is on our own hands now. 

# [[Homo Deus]]

## Humanist [[religion]]
Humanism is a [[religion]] that worships humankind instead of a god.

Ethics and [[values]] are derived internally within the individual rather than from an external source.

The core unit of human meaning is derived from human rights rather than from the eternal soul.

Humanism created a deal with science. Modern society believes in humanist dogmas and uses science to implement/perpetuate them rather than question them. 

The Scientific Revolution made [[God]] irrelevant to solving our biggest problems such as starvation and disease.

This transition has led us to feeling lonely in our struggle to create heaven on [[earth]].

*In summary, humanism has become a dominant ideaology that worships humankind and its desires, and science is used as a tool to implement the goals of humanism, rather than to question its principles.*

# [[The Millionaire Fast Lane]]

## Time is the ultimate resource

[[Time]] is life - Trading time for money is essentially trading life.

Trading time for money in the 9-5 model sacrifices the present for a better future.

Limited Leverage and Control - when you trade your time (your life) for money, you surrender your autonomy.

The slow lane takes too long. You’ll be too old to enjoy it when if and when you finally make it.

Trading 5 for 2 is just at terrible ROI.

[[Time]] is the only resource we have. We have only a finite amount of time but there is a relatively infinite amount of money in the world.

## Execution
Take fucking action.

Ideas aren’t that important. It’s execution that determines the victor. It’s execution that invites investment.

# [[Julien Blanc]]
Don’t preserve, fuck up to grow.

# Shiva and Shakti - Logic and [[Emotion]]

Shiva
	consciousness
	transcendence
	stillness
	logic/reason - allow us to transcend our immediate perceptions and the emotional reactions. 
	[[Structure]] and stability - just like Shiva’s steadfast and unmoving nature
	Proactivity

Shakti
	dynamism
	creativity
	energy
	motivating force behind all action and existence in the material universe
	[[emotion]]
	Intuition
	Reactivity
	drive actions and inspire thoughts
	Bring life and movement to our experiences much like Shakti’s flowing and shapeshifting nature.

# Eye Contact - Holding gaze
1. Soft and relaxed gaze - maintain a neutral face expression. Do not force an expression. No tenseness.
2. Mindful presence - be present to the moment. Get out of your head. [[Focus]] on the person in front of you, don’t let your mind wander or let your thoughts distract you.
3. Body language
	1. Turn your shoulders and head to face the other person’s eyes.
	2. Open body language shows that you are listening, engaged, ready, and want to communicate.
4. Breathe deeply and allow yourself to blink, this helps maintain a soft gaze.
5. Understand the [[power]] of gaze - meeting someone’s gaze engages a casacade of brain processes as we make sense of the fact that we are dealing with the mind of another person who is currently perceiving us.
6. The goal is not to maintain unbroken eye contact, but to feel comfortable and connected when you do meet someone’s gaze.

# [[Owen Cook]]
If you can deal with the [[pain]] of [[rejection]], of the fact that not everyone loves you, you will meet people effortlessly.

When I was a kid at some point spaced the proposition dead I did not offer value and so I internalized that I am not valuable in end of myself therefore I need to become something such as a problem solver in order to deliver value to others so that I can then be valuable I traded for my value.

# [[Dr. K (Alok Kanojia)]]

You can’t control the hand you were dealt. In deck builder games, if your opening hand sucks, that simply means your good cards are still in the deck. Your opening hand is just that, your opening hand. You can still win the game no matter your opening hand. The only way you lose the game is by folding, by throwing the game. 

Fixing the problem does not get rid of the [[insecurity]]. The [[insecurity]] is a [[trauma]], an insult of the ego. 

[[Insecurity]] is based on how others perceive others. The opinions of others. 

Insecurities are abstract, are mental constructs. The ego is about abstraction.

Ego requires comparison.

[[Confidence]] is [[self]]-[[acceptance]].

[[Insecurity]] can never be resolved until you turn this multiplayer game into a single player game. If your point of reference is relative, it can never actually be reached. You can never be secure. It is only when you make yourself the only reference point, the [[insecurity]] will dissolve of itself because comparison is what gave it life in the first place.

[[Self]]-[[acceptance]] means to accept what is. There is no label, no value (because value is relative), there is only the observation and acknowledgement. Once you have accepted what is, you can start to progress. You have your point of reference you were looking for. The reason you weren’t able to find a point of reference before was because you were looking for an anchor in relativity. Your point of reference is yourself only. You are the anchor, the axis mundi to your universe, the only universe, the only [[truth]] you can vouch for. With yourself as the reference point, the only increase in value is derived from the next step. The only decrease in value is from not taking the next step.

When someone criticizes you for not being enough, which they will, it is their right to do so; you are the one that chooses to let it inside your sacred garden, you let them through the gate into your heart. Why let them in? Why take on their disappointment? You have enough of your own disappointments, why would you want to add more? I have enough disappointments of my own! I only have a limited amount of time to work on a finite number of disappointments. Why would I burden myself with others’ disappointments as well? The issue is that there is a burden, a task, a weight, to carrying any disappointment, your own or others. This burden, like any burden you carry, will impact your mobility, your strength, your stamina, etc. You generally have enough resources to handle your own generated disappointments but you certainly aren’t strong enough to carry others’ burdens. You didn’t sign up to be the Christ, not yet at least. So until you get to that level, don’t take on others’ burdens. Their burden being their expectations of you. It’s theirs, give it back to them.

When you're living a life of terror, of living up to expectations,  of avoiding disappointment, the best you can ever feel is relief. You can never feel accomplishment. When it comes from you, then you can feel [[pride]] and accomplishment.