---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-06-16
journal-end-date: 2024-06-16
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Get Others to play with the Cards You Deal

Words like “freedom,” “options,” and “choice” evoke a [[power]] of possibility far beyond the reality of the benefits they entail. When examined closely, the choices we have—in the marketplace, in elections, in our jobs—tend to have noticeable limitations: they are often a matter of a choice simply between A and B, with the rest of the alphabet out of the picture. Yet as long as the faintest mirage of choice flickers on, we rarely [[focus]] on the missing options. We “choose” to believe that the game is fair, and that we have our freedom. We prefer not to think too much about the depth of our liberty to choose.

This unwillingness to probe the smallness of our choices stems from the fact that too much freedom creates a kind of anxiety. The phrase “unlimited options” sounds infinitely promising, but unlimited options would actually paralyze us and cloud our ability to choose. Our limited range of choices comforts us. This supplies the clever and cunning with enormous opportunities for [[deception]]. For people who are choosing between alternatives find it hard to believe they are being manipulated or deceived; they cannot see that you are allowing them a small amount of free will in exchange for a much more powerful imposition of your own will. Setting up a narrow range of choices, then, should always be a part of your deceptions.

> Daily Law: There is a saying: if you can get the bird to walk into the cage on its own, it will sing that much more prettily. Give people options that come out in your favor, whichever one they choose. Force them to make choices between the lesser of two evils, both of which serve your [[purpose]].
> 
> _The 48 Laws of Power_, Law 31: Control the Options—Get Others to play with the Cards You Deal

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: Think about a time when you made a positive impact on your community.

# misc

Create skill list and prioritize. It's like a game. If you can't do this, your time is not yours. If you don't control your time, it's still not yours, it's your ID’s.

Read [[self]]-reliance from Ralph Waldo Emerson.

Research and analyze Luddism. Progress enables an entirely new meta, the floor is raised. The [[pain]] is the belief that the ceiling remains the same. Creators need to step it up. 

Consumption is now your go-to distraction, avoidance strategy. 

If your life is a movie ([[Neptune]], fantasy realm), then try to remember that sometimes negativity in your life is “just a scene.” If it’s available, let me reach for the [[beauty]] in this scene, let me reach for the [[wisdom]] for this scene. 


# twitter
Panentheistic view, metaphor of the human body, purusha. 

Hyper-sobriety, sobriety isn't it just the return to baseline. 

Food as [[emotional regulation]] versus food as fuel. Food as a means to an end in which end?

What is the direction of Western Civilization? Radical progress radical growth radical change radical evolution. 

Physical and cultural ancestry. Ancestral and collective consciousness. It's like a build tree nothing more nothing less. It tells you what collection of boards you have available kind of like FF12 international edition. Talking about something doesn't give points, only experience lets you put points into nodes. The tree you have access to is just a starting point it's the default layout You can still acquire new trees, but it will take harder work and we are all bound by the limits of time.

# [[Approaching Girls is Creepy]]

# [[Skill List]]

# [[How to Force Your Brain to Study (when you don't feel like it)]]

# [[How to Beat Procrastination (with science)]]

# [[how I built an evidence-based learning system in 312 weeks]]



# [[Vocal Training]]

Recurring your dream motif - my tongue is hairy and I try scraping it no pulling it off but it pulls off longer and longer and I'm unable to pull it all the way off I pull it and it grows long almost like a beard but I can't completely rip it off of my tongue. 

# Dreams
Barbecue flavored drink like V8 

Some sort of idea capture or cognitive based product that harnesses the meridians not use chakras, pressure point