---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-02-18
journal-end-date: 2024-02-18
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Transits

| Time | Event |
|------|-------|
| 03:49 | Mercury Square Jupiter |
| 15:53 | Venus Quincunx Neptune |
| 00:00 | Moon in Taurus |

# Journal

I feel betrayed because *if* Victoria knew about how to break free from codependency, she knew that it was two equal halves. Both are the result of trauma. Why didn't she help me and share her findings with me? I was too scared to research this topic myself. 

I believe I am BPD and possibly NPD.

You can disagree with somebody but you can NEVER take their reality away.

Today I (re)discovered a new context for why I was sent away to England at the age of 5 (kindergarten age). Definitely  too young to understand. My mother, a possible narcissist, claims that I was too bored all of the time, she  likely told me I was gifted, idolized me, adulated me and so a son at this age would naturally become addicted to this worship. The part I was hazy with, was in their desperation, they had me test for entry to a gifted school. I failed this test. Next I know, I am being shipped off to England. This the root of my abandonment wound. Why I'm not good enough. Apparently, this situation repeated itself in the 7th grade. I wanted to leave St. Edwards (I felt I didn't fit in, always the alien bullying) so I was tested for entry into Walden middle school and failed that as well. This reaffirmed my shame of not being good enough for the world. This reaffirmed that my internal view of myself was flawed, that subjective is subservient, not as good as thee objective definition of who you are. I am only smart if the world says I'm smart. I need to felt smart, so I shape the world in a way (through dissociation) to preserve my self-image that I am smart. That I am worthy. Mom only loves smart. When I was sent to England, I was probably pretty lonely. I went from my family, including Jai and possibly cousins, to a house of adults with no one to socialize with. 

My story has value.

Purpose: I want to get paid tot just think and write. And create, innovate. Like a successor to the second brain concept, but incorporating ML and visual representation, easy capture, seamless integration. PKMS as a psychological prosthesis. Not just for efficiency, but self-knowledge chatbot for tailored therapy, models trained from vetted sources. A guardian angel. Could enable you to simulate conversations with people no longer in your life. Trained on your messages and responses based on medical understanding of codependent relationship. Could have conversation with other half. 

Pursuing an idea is proof that you believe in yourself over the world. 

Self-discipline builds self-trust. Hold yourself accountable. 

I have a tendency to distract myself. Why? Avoidance...of responsibility? Accountability? Why do I want to avoid my purpose. I am scared that in the pursuit, I won't be good enough. I can't bear the world telling me this again.

When I hear bad astrological placements, it triggers panic, danger, and I soothe myself by reminding myself that I never allow myself into vulnerable situations to being with. This presents a  barrier to my growth because I will never practice vulnerability which means vulnerability remains the shadow.

I need to discern between pursuing pleasure, genuine interests vs. avoiding pain (fear of failure) e.g. pursuing someone else's definition or route to pleasure. I love technical endeavors, such as ML, but I made the Power App and it was useless. I then told leadership that I wanted to be in project management because that would give me skills and a route to climb the corporate ladder. To lead/organize rather than follow/build.

As I'm playing GW2, I am washed over by pangs of missing (Victoria), (in the manipura chakra region, solar plexus). The trigger was looking through the cash shop and seeing all of these new skins together. I miss sharing experiences with her. Why are the experiences not enough when it's just me. I'm getting the dopamine. I find I miss her excitement. Hearing her audible glee in something I shared gave me this hit of approval, of joy. Was it to see her smile, or for her to react to my input? My input, because I was dismissive of her own interests that I did not share or approve of.

Sitting in silence while playing GW2 led to pangs of manipura chakra ache. Anxiety? Guilt? Loneliness. The story in GW2 is slow, not putting me in a state of flow, of distraction. Not distracted so my mind returns to thoughts of Victoria. Hurt thinking about the good ole' times, memories, and how there won't be anymore. I don't want any new memories in the codependent style, logically. Emotionally I am experiencing manipura chakra withdrawals, hits of ego inflation. Is this why my manipura chakra is bloated? Distraction from listening to Julian Leblanc instantly provided relief.

When I am bored, I become anxious, upset, I do not like boredom. When I am bored, I am not achieving. When I am not achieving, I am not worthy of love. Therefore boredom equals absence of love. Or even just withdrawals  from praise-high. 

What is your relationship with the present moment? This is not good enough. What can I do to get more? To get further. To get ahead. Even at the cost of others. Even at the cost of myself. (I mentioned others as a resource before myself) (I kept that verbatim even though it doesn't make sense.)

What is your relationship to you? Currently you are married yourself for life.

Past girlfriends:
1. Diana: she was secure or avoidant. We have no emotional relationship. Abandoned for sexual inadequacy. Simp behavior. Anxious attached. Begged. Ignored. Ghosted.
2. Madeline: abandoned for toxicity, upgrade from? Fearful/avoidant. Narcissist codependent.
3. Victoria: abandoned for toxicity. Upgraded from.  Fearful/avoidant. Narcissist codependent. Much worse. 

If Victoria and I were to get back together, I would not know how to respect her needs for sex and emotional regulation/histrionics. I will have to respect and acknowledge everything that comes out of  her. It is/will be psychically exhausting when home is meant to be restorative for me.

How do I know that my current plan is the best plan for me?

Pain is usually the first teacher, but don't let it be the last teacher.

I am extremely anxious about the thought of returning to work on Monday. I feel that people hate me. Fear of social ostracization based on the ill will I have created.

I asked my mother:
- I was extremely outgoing, trusting, independent, wanted to do everything myself
- Attachment Style: secure. As soon as mother returned, would stop crying and smile.
- Extremely jealous of Jai. Violent. Would scratch him and even ganged up on him with a similarly aged friend.

A narcissist only sees superior vs. inferior. Does not see mutuality, commonality.

There's no way to prove the world is fundamentally good or evil. Both can be illusory . Have to make a gamble. If  both options are equal, might as well choose that the world is fundamentally good.

By avoiding commitment, you are committing to "non-committance", i.e. time-waste, void.

Authentic vs Inauthentic Dasein (being-in-the-world) are different modes of existence. Authentic is true to one's own self, embracing individuality, taking responsibility for one's choices. Requires an awareness of one's existence, values, and the ultimate finitude of life. Inauthentic is conformity, lack of self-awareness, being influenced by societal norms without critically questioning them.

I am triggered by my mom's habit of leaving things half done and moving to the next task. She always has an explanation. This is my shadow trigger.