---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-11-14
journal-end-date: 2024-11-14
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Inner Work
- [ ] AI
- [ ] Writing
- [ ] Socialization
- [ ] Meditation
- [x] Journal


# Transits

| [[Time]] | Event |
|------|-------|
| 00:58 | [[Moon]] Enters Taurus |
| 02:01 | [[Venus]] Quincunx [[Mars]] |
| 00:49 | [[Moon]] v/c |



# Journal

Dragonball Z taught me that my powerful [[emotions]] can be channeled to induce a [[transformation]], that I can transmute my [[emotions]] into [[power]].

I find myself exploring my [[purpose]] and [[motivation]]. As I examine my life, my day is consumed by food, the denial of food, the seeking of food, fitness which is forcing me to not have food. I am hungry due to my diet. This is supposed to be offset by staying busy. I don't have the thing that keeps me busy. My drive is something different. I am focused on [[self]]-help, intuition, [[emotion]], my  [[fate]] through [[astrology]], and fitness. These are the only subjects that occupy my interest these days and there has to be a common theme. I want to look good so that I can attract sexy women, so that I can indulge in [[relationships]] that I emotionally crave. I crave emotional fulfillment. The rest...is there, I know it was there, but it's only there when I have the relationship/emotional void filled. I want the [[emotions]] of [[pride]], lust, and gluttony. I want the social status, however I can't do the things that are required to secure the status.

I can only be motivated by something I believe is possible. I know my interests, I know I have them, however I also know that they're so lofty that the work required to achieve them renders them impossible, or hard to chunk into a tangible path. Entertainment, running out the clock, playing life on fast-forward, numbing myself feels better in the moment. 

# Diet
200/6 + 550/40 + 300/50 + 550/40 = 1600/136
2100 ... 4-500/44g remaining

90 * 3 = 270 yogurt + fruit + granola 


# Dr. Allan Schore: How Relationships Shape Your Brain

[](https://www.youtube.com/@hubermanlab)

The [[mother]] upregulates joyful states, and downregulates stressful states.

The avoidant "dismisses" emotional arousal.

The only way to activate, turn on the right brain is to [[surrender]], to let go. It cannot be willed on. "Let it be."

Regulation = safety and [[trust]].

Synchrony = Syn (same) + chron ([[time]]). Experiencing something together at the same [[time]].

[[Mother]]: shapes right brain at 0-2 years.

[[Father]] upregulates, helps develops tolerance for hyper-aroused states. "rough-and-tumble play", how to  take risks, autonomy + [[independence]]. [[Father]] shapes left brain at 1-3 years. His left brain to child's left brain. Tender + Instrumental. 

Corpus Collosal shift takes 100ms

Right vs Left Hemisphere compete, one is suppressed. 
Left [[attention]] = narrow [[attention]].
Right = wide-range [[attention]]. Evenly suspended [[attention]].
