---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-06-20
journal-end-date: 2024-06-20
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Display a Hint of Weakness

Learn to transform your vulnerabilities into [[power]]. The game is subtle: if you wallow in your weakness, overplay your hand, you will be seen as angling for sympathy, or, worse, as pathetic. No, what works best is to allow people an occasional glimpse into the soft, frail side of your character, and usually only after they have known you for a while. That glimpse will humanize you, lowering their suspicions, and preparing the ground for a deeper attachment. Normally strong and in control, at moments you let go, give in to your weakness, let them see it.

> Daily Law: Do not struggle against your vulnerabilities, or try to repress them, but put them into play.
> 
> _The Art of Seduction_: Disarm Through Strategic Weakness and [[Vulnerability]]


# Morning Journal

1. What’s something I’m grateful for?
	1. 
2. What’s something I’m excited about?
	1. 
3. What is a [[virtue]] I want to exhibit?
	1. 
4. What’s something I’m avoiding?
	1. 
5. What’s the one thing I need to do?
	1. 



# Misc

An agile guide to break down epics into stories and tasks.

Write on the [[genius]], the [[daemon]], psychological parts theory, the inner city of Taoism. The inner cosmology. The microcosm’s reflection of the macrocosm. Incorporate natural science. 

Caitlin: the act of [[love]] is to transmute [[pain]], suffering.

Best pasta brand: Eataly (store) - monograno felitcetti

Creepy - hesitant awkward and weird.
# [[Twitter Posts]]

We are a contradiction:

The only thing that matters is the heart, but the only way to reach it is through the mind.

We become estranged from ourselves and then spend the rest of our lives approximating our way back.

The journey back to yourself begins with a single step.

//

Our parents represent our [[relationships]] with God ([[father]]) and the Universe (mother). 

Eventually, we learn that God is dead and the Universe is cold and uncaring.

These crimes are unforgivable, but if we learn to forgive them anyway, we take our first step towards divinity.

//

# [[Twitter]]

# [[Dan Koe]]

# [[What is Azure Databricks]]

