---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-03-03
journal-end-date: 2024-03-03
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Transits
| Time  | Event                   |
| ----- | ----------------------- |
| 01:47 | Moon void of course     |
| 07:55 | Moon Enters Sagittarius |


# Journal
I reached out to Victoria. I realize now that she has not healed at all. She was given an alternative path by fate. She is possessed by vengeance and hatred for me. She only hears her story of me over and over again. She is not aware of how here trauma interacted with mine. She wants me to play the villain in her story. There is/may be no other part for me in her life. She has requested space. I am hurt, scared, and alone. This is exactly what I had feared. This is a repetition of our same dynamic. I exposed vulnerability, and she has no  place for it. She got angry at me suggesting that I  have weakness. 

I'm very lonely. I may have just lost me friend as well. Who will I talk to now? I am vilified, demonized. I need others to talk to. I really  dislike being alone for too long. 

Opening myself brings pain. But I will be okay, given time. I exposed vulnerability, I risked abandonment, I was abandoned, and I'm okay! Life goes on. I am still lonely though. I need someone(s) to talk to. I need to find friends. I do realize that I should be strong enough to take or leave Victoria. I worry that if we continue our relationship, it will be marred with revenge fantasies. She will think it is equivalent exchange, not realize that healing means transcending the old paradigm. I won't play the villain in her story. I won't be the whipping boy. That would be to abandon myself.

I want her attention, I crave her response. I wonder how long it will be? Would it be better to completely sever the connection? 

Was this connection worse than loneliness? It may have been/was 10 years of lies.

I can never be completely abandoned because I have my own back. I am the hero of my own story. 

It doesn't matter  whether something is true or not. Only ask: "does this help me?" --Julian Blanc

You focused so much on  avoiding abandonment from  others that you had to abandon yourself. It is the price you had to pay. It wasn't worth it. You've never felt safe enough to develop how you are. While you did abandon yourself, you felt it was a necessity at the time, it's not your fault.

I am so afraid of death. I have experienced it numerous times in my life. I can't handle it and get lost in nostalgia. I can't fight the pangs of [[nostalgia]]. They hurt too much to know that something in the pasta must remain there. This is why I hate and repress nostalgia. I am too prone to it.

## Heidi Priebe
By embracing pain, we are laying to rest any hope that things could have been otherwise. This allows us to let go of what's  already gone. We uninstall the old hope.exe and reinstall the new hope.exe What is hope if it can  be bad as well as good? A propulsive motive force. It is meant to drive us forward along a certain trajectory. By embracing pain, we reduce the momentum so  that we can change trajectories. A new hope.



