---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-09-06
journal-end-date: 2024-09-06
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [x] AI
- [ ] Entrepreneurship
- [ ] Socialization
- [x] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [x] Twitter
- [x] Breathwork
- [x] Second Brain

# Journal

Without stimulation, my life feels/is empty. I need escape from myself through stimulation. I need to get away from myself. I am tired of the constant inner battle that is my life. I need relief. Every day is a struggle, a fight that [[fate]] puts me through, to grow and change but really, it's just me facing my inner demons, it's like a bridge run every single day. I'm tired. I want out. But I don't have any stimulations left. Food is my last one and it will destroy me if I keep eating like I have been the last week. I had to have eaten 2 boxes of cereal in a day or 2. But why recourse do I have to break the monotony of my inner tempest of [[emotions]]. They're too strong, volatile, roiling. It's no wonder I've fallen to [[escapism]]. I have no other option. It's endless. I want to be free. It's exhausting. I'm exhausted. I'm at the end of my line. I have nwhere left to run. Help...

# Transits
| [[Time]] | Event                               |
| -------- | ----------------------------------- |
| 23:20    | [[Mercury]] Square [[Uranus]]       |
| 00:29    | [[Mars]] Enters Out of Bounds (OOB) |


# Free Will vs Determinism
Compatibilism vs Incompatibilism: compatiabilism states that as long as our choices are in alignment with what the deterministic universe as produced, we can be said to be free.

To be like Caesar, or other great men, you must straddle the line of determinism and free will. Caesar believed that it was rated that he rule the world. Perfect future tense. You must acknowledge that you aren't free, that your conscious actions are an illusion of the interaction of the unconscious, genetics (body), and your [[environment]]. However, even if this signal is small, weak, and fictitious, you must boost the signal greatly in order to become a great person. You must both negate it and cultivate it simultaneously. This allows you the [[freedom]] to exist. Choice implies that you are ultimately responsible for constraints that weren't yours. True [[freedom]] is dizzying. Instead, the journey through life is to observe yourself as a process arising from the unconscious, body, and [[environment]]. Through this [[self]]-discovery, you begin to know what you're working with, and become a better leader/parent to the [[self]]/[[inner child]].

We may be more fated to lead our lives than we realize. This is why discovery of who one is, is of utmost importance to [[self]]-improvement Just as I discover more about others through observing their behaviors, the same process applies to myself. 

[[Self]] improvement or child rearing isn't about getting your child to get some sort of abstract ideal of [[virtue]] of patience or humility, it's more about observation -- what type of creature am I? And live a suitable life for that type of person.