---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-04-28
journal-end-date: 2024-04-28
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## There Is No Revenge Like Oblivion

> There is no revenge like oblivion, for it is the entombment of the unworthy in the dust of their own nothingness.
> 
> —[[Baltasar Gracian]]

It is tempting to want to fix our mistakes, but it is sometimes more politic to leave them alone. In 1971, when _The New York Times_ published the Pentagon Papers, a group of government documents about the history of U.S. involvement in Indochina, Henry Kissinger erupted into a volcanic rage. Furious about the Nixon administration’s [[vulnerability]] to this kind of damaging leak, he made recommendations that eventually led to the formation of a group called the Plumbers to plug the leaks. This was the unit that later broke into Democratic Party offices in the Watergate Hotel, setting off the chain of events that led to Nixon’s downfall. In reality the publication of the Pentagon Papers was not a serious threat to the administration, but Kissinger’s reaction made it a big deal. In trying to fix one problem, he created another: a paranoia for [[security]] that in the end was much more destructive to the government. Had he ignored the Pentagon Papers, the scandal they had created would eventually have blown over. Instead of inadvertently focusing attention on a problem, making it seem worse by publicizing how much concern and anxiety it is causing you, it is often far wiser to play the contemptuous aristocrat, not deigning to acknowledge the problem’s existence.

> Daily Law: ==The harder we try to fix our mistakes, the worse we often make them.==
> 
> _The 48 Laws of Power_, Law 36: Disdain Things You Cannot Have—Ignoring Them Is the Best Revenge

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: Think about a time when you made someone’s day brighter.
I like to think I made Mike’s day brighter when I showed him a path forward with his SDS project. He seemed to have been truly inspired. 

As far as small interactions to brighten someone’s day, I can’t think of many. I actually don’t think I know how to do that well. I certainly do not do it intentionally.

## Ways to make someone’s day brighter:
There are many ways to make someone’s day brighter. Here are a few suggestions:

1. **Compliment them**: A sincere compliment can go a long way in making someone’s day brighter. It could be about their appearance, their work, or something they did.
    
2. **Listen to them**: Sometimes, all a person needs is someone who will listen to them without judgment. Be that person for someone.
    
3. **Help them with a task**: If you see someone struggling with a task, offer your help. It could be something small like carrying groceries, or something bigger like a work project.
    
4. **Surprise them with a gift**: It doesn’t have to be something expensive. Even a small token like a cup of coffee or a handwritten note can make a big difference.
    
5. **Spend quality time with them**: Spend some time with them doing something they [[love]]. It could be watching a movie, going for a walk, or just sitting and talking.
    
6. **Be positive and cheerful**: Your positivity and cheerfulness can be infectious. If you’re happy and positive, it can rub off on the people around you.
    
7. **Express gratitude**: If someone has done something nice for you, express your gratitude. It will make them feel appreciated and valued.
    

Remember, it’s the small things that often make the biggest difference. So, go ahead and make someone’s day brighter! 😊

# Data Science
[[Data Scientist Roadmap 2024]]

# Morning pages
 Is a technique from the book, The Artist's Way, where you write three pages of stream-of-consciousness first thing in the morning. This helps to unclutter the mind. These three pages need to be written by hand. I also need a better Samsung Notes template so that I can write in landscape mode. I will need to find and download custom templates because Samsung Notes does not have this natively available.

## I am scared. 
I'm scared of what happens next. I'm unsure where my life is taking me, but I want to believe that the thoughts I had during the [[Jupiter]]-Uranus conjunction had some merit. They made me think, no, they dared me to believe that there are options that I haven't allowed myself to have, options such as truly chasing my dreams. Seeking complete fulfillment across all metrics is approachable, doable, possible (somehow). 

Most importantly, I'm allowed to have these irrational dreams. I feel that I'm being tested in some way. **I need to prove that I believe in myself before the universe deems me worthy, that I can [[trust]] the universe to show me the way**. This [[uncertainty]] has me scared, specifically [[FOMO]], the [[fear]] of missing out on this pivotal moment in my life.

I reduced my [[purpose]], my calling, my [[Ikigai]], to [[transcendence]]. I know that whatever I do will transcend my, and humanity's limitations. The hard part now is that my rebirth has not really started yet. I've been in the womb for the last 3 years.

[[Indecision]]
Now, the truly worst part of all this is that I don't even know what road to walk. I don't know what is realistic versus what is fantasy. **What am I allowed from this universe?** Does one truly pursue [[happiness]], fulfillment, contentment? **Do I dare dream that I can enjoy what I do?** Does the universe allow for one's soul to pursue their ultimate expression?

Where I stand now, that means travel, [[wealth]], status, [[sex]] with beautiful women, socializing with a variety of interesting people that are stimulating intellectually, that are a part of something greater. I am ready to move past the [[guilt]] and injustice of getting what I want while others languish in misery, unfulfilled. 

I want to step into my new life of [[Royalty]], as one blessed by the gods and by the world with hedonistic abandon. I accept that it's not fair that I break the rules, even if it means that I won't be allowed to impose "the rules" on others. I accept that I need help from [[God]], from the universe, from Source. Even if that means that I must endure the hateful, resentful gazes of others whose prayers, whose pleas, go unanswered.

With all that said, on the one side, the side of faith, the side of irrationality, the other side is the realistic path. It is the logical path that has been set down before me. It is still lucky, however the data engineer opportunity is a natural progression of my actions at SCJ over the last 2 years. It feels like a culmination of who I have allowed myself to envision, the rational, constrained [[vision]]. 

The data engineer role does not spark joy because I know that no matter what, I am bound to Racine. I am bound to this prison, this definition of who I am allowed to be, one predefined. I understand that home is made, not found, but I am unwilling to make this place my home. I need an opportunity, a path to lead me out of here. Unfortunately, it seems as if I must forge my path of escape alone. 

This is the test I've been fearing, that I must choose between [[security]] and [[faith]]. I have become much better at being [[brave]], by not thinking, and just doing, or at least pushing past the [[hamstering]] to take action on something new, to pursue and obtain the objects of my desire. However, this is asking for too much. To ask me to abandon [[security]] for the chance that abundance may be found on the other side is too much. 

I'm not ready for such a bold move on such short notice, with such limited (literally no) information. I am being asked to pass up the opportunity I know for the vague possibility that behind the fog of war, my true path exists, and that is a path that I am capable and willing to walk. As I write, I see that I presume much. **I don't know what is asked of me, the only thing I do know is that I must not allow myself to be trapped in Racine**. 

**This place must not be my tomb**. I need the life that brings me the feelings of [[adventure]], prestige, abundance, majesty, passion, extravagance, lust, hedonistic revelry, [[purpose]], progress towards my [[vision]], [[ambition]], luxury, comfort but also challenge, good friction, forward momentum, [[trust]], [[abundance]], [[transcendence]], [[connection]], [[serendipity]], blessedness, [[hope]], [[contentment]]. Where will I find all of this? **Perhaps my test is to have faith that whatever path is laid before me, it will bring me towards this destination.**

# I Tried 137 Productivity Tools. These Are The Best.
[[Ali Abdaal]]
[](https://www.youtube.com/@aliabdaal)

1. Morning pages journaling technique: start your day with free-writing 3 pages worth by hand.
2. Change locations, makes work feel like play. 
	1. Get a sling/small bag for your tablet.
3. Therapy (Better Help)
4. Background music