---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-07-17
journal-end-date: 2024-07-17
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [x] AI
- [x] Entrepreneurship
- [x] Socialization
- [x] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [x] Twitter
- [x] Music
- [ ] Second Brain

# Recap

## What did I do well?


## What could I have done better?


# Misc

App ideas - Structures psychomotor therapy: family simulation chatbot ensemble. First program NPCs using intuitive [[rag]], then play out scenes. Intuitive [[rag]] through 20 questions.

I don't have the time I need. I need time freedom. I need space. I don't get space. I'm cramped and confined. I hate these constraints. I have too many things that I want to do and not enough time to do them.

I have to create a world that accepts and has a place for sheep that cannot become shepherds. Some sheep probably the majority, cannot rise above their natures.
# [[Astrology Reading Questions]]

1. 


# My Parts (Parts Theory)

## Manager

The critic.
The king.
The autocrat. (autos: [[self]] + kratos: [[power]])
The tyrant.

Scenario 2:
No manager?
## Firefighter 

Firefighters would destroy the house in order to extinguish the fire.

The knight. 
The hero.

Scenario 2:
The dragon who guards his hoard, of his own accord, his own nature.
## Exile

The coward. The [[inner child]]. The slave. The weakling. The wretch. The princess.\

Scenario 2:
The treasure.

# [[Religion]], God

Me: How can I accept the sublime while simultaneously accepting others' misuse of the sublime? Does my [[acceptance]] also mean that I condone their actions?

Response: Those who are healthy do not need a physician, but the sick do. I have not come to call the righteous to repentance but sinners. -Luke 5: 31, 32