---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-12-18
journal-end-date: 2024-12-18
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [ ] Inner Work
- [ ] AI
- [ ] Writing
- [ ] Socialization
- [ ] Meditation
- [ ] Journal


# Transits

| Time | Event |
|------|-------|
| 00:00 | Moon in Leo |
| 03:12 | Moon Conjunct Mars |
| 08:28 | Sun Square Neptune |



# Journal

Today I was very angry at my mother. She keeps asking for more and more help as I stay at home longer. She is not entitled to my aid. I will never forgive her. I can't forgive her. I'm not the one that she damaged. Past Amrit was the one who was abandoned. Therefore, there can never be forgiveness because he is dead.

I am getting bored of the games available to me. I keep looking for more to get me in that escapist flow state and what I have so far doesn't hit. I'm angry at Dragon Age Veilguard for not being what I wanted it to be. I will eventually get back to ff16, it was great, but it's wrapping up, it's not giving that dopamine flow. I bought path of exile 2, it's also not what I wanted out of a game like that. I keep finding myself wanting dragon age veilguard to give me the same feeling that inquisition did. I also find myself craving Skyrim. I can't play Skyrim because my PC isn't strong enough. I also can't buy a new PC right now as a new NVIDIA series is coming out soon, so I need to wait.

I've started bulking or maintaining. I had Taco Tuesday yesterday and it was amazing. Today, I bought a Well's Brothers pizza but it wasn't that great tbh. I realize that I've changed a bit. I find myself craving fruit. I want to switch over to more natural foods. Now I need to find a way to incorporate salads.

