---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-04-11
journal-end-date: 2024-04-11
journal-section: day
---
```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Appeal to People’s [[Self]]-Interest

> The shortest and best way to make your [[fortune]] is to let people see clearly that it is in their interests to promote yours.
> 
> —Jean de La Bruyère

In your quest for [[power]], you will constantly find yourself in the position of asking for help from those more powerful than you. There is an art to asking for help, an art that depends on your ability to understand the person you are dealing with, and to not confuse your needs with theirs. Most people never succeed at this, because they are completely trapped in their own wants and desires. They start from the assumption that the people they are appealing to have a selfless interest in helping them. They talk as if their needs mattered to these people—who probably couldn’t care less. Sometimes they refer to larger issues: a great cause, or grand [[emotions]] such as [[love]] and gratitude. They go for the big picture when simple, everyday realities would have much more appeal. What they do not realize is that even the most powerful person is locked inside needs of his own, and that if you make no appeal to his [[self]]-interest, he merely sees you as desperate or, at best, a waste of time.

> Daily Law: When asking for anything, uncover something in your request that will benefit the person you are asking, and emphasize it out of all proportion. They will respond enthusiastically when they see something to be gained for themselves.
> 
> _The 48 Laws of Power_, Law 13: When Asking for Help, Appeal to People’s [[Self]]-Interest, Never to Their Mercy or Gratitude

I am supposed to meet with Gokul Palayil. He specializes in data science. I have also heard that he is the guy who is implementing agile project management at SCJ. OPEX does not control agile project management techniques but that is the kill that I am working on during my day job. 

I don’t know enough about what he needs. I will have to be observant to see what his needs are. 

I need to understand how to deliver value to him.

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: Reflect on a time when you felt a deep sense of [[peace]].

# [[Stormlight Archive]]
[[determination]]
>The most important words a man can say are, “I will do better.” These are not the most important words any man can say. I am a man, and they are what I needed to say.
>
>The ancient code of the Knights Radiant says “journey before destination.” Some may call it a simple platitude, but it is far more. A journey will have [[pain]] and [[failure]]. It is not only the steps forward that we must accept. It is the stumbles. The trials. The knowledge that we will fail. That we will hurt those around us.
>
>But if we stop, if we accept the person we are when we fall, the journey ends. That [[failure]] becomes our destination. To [[love]] the journey is to accept no such end. I have found, through painful experience, that **the most important step a person can take is always the next one**.

Brandon Sanderson, Oathbringer (The Stormlight Archive, #3)

# Irrational fear of [[rejection]] by attractive women

## Prompt
Instead of wasting all of your energy trying to control some worst-case scenario, consider what the message of the fear may be and what it is telling you that you need in your life.

If the fear was an abstract metaphor, what would the meaning be? Is the abrupt loss of income a symbol of your desire for [[security]]? Is the fear of the future a symbol for not living fully right now? Is the anxiety about making decisions a symbol for knowing what you really want and being too afraid to choose it?

### [[My Traumas]]: Myra


# Fear of being an artist
I am scared of becoming [[Jaswant]]. I don't want that life path for myself. So I reject the artist within. 

# [[guilt]] from [[success]] versus envy from loss

# Exxxotica
I've been to it several times in my younger 20s, use to think it was great because I recognized most of the pornstars and adult models. Idk if they still do women free Fridays but it would be a 0$ entry fee. So for some people that's the most worth it day to go. The Harsh reality is you pay a decent entry fee to see attractive people and shit you could easily buy online. Thinking back on it, it was a great experience but I don't think it's worth it in my opinion.

# Conversation with my Dad regarding divine healing, miracles, and God
My dad was telling me about his beliefs in miracles and divine healing. I was being cynical and stating that I see no reason to believe in that superstitious nonsense. If it were possible, it would have radically changed existence as we know it.

He then stated that he wished divine healing were possible and that he could have his legs healed and I was a cynical asshole basically stating that any magician would be enslaved and harnessed. The gist of my argument was that we don’t deserve miracles. My dad then related a story that the reason gurus aren’t allowed to perform miraculous healing is because they would need to erase all past [[karma]], which implies that there is no such thing as “good” or “bad” [[karma]], and therefore the person would die on the spot because there would be no [[karma]] left to live for, to play out. The logic is decently sound. 

I now feel guilty that I am robbing him of hope, even if it is delusional. What I am also feeling even worse about, is that I now wonder whether my cynical lack of believing in the possibility of miracles is a choice that has prevent miracles from approaching me. What if my beliefs are what filter possible realities and therefore the miracles that I had hoped for, that I am currently hoping for (I am hoping for some sort of miracle to save me from having to work a standard job I don’t like in order to eke out a small amount of the day where I can have the life I do want), will be denied me, by myself. I am denying myself by not allowing others the freedom to believe, even if it’s wrong.

I’ve only taken this cynical view because I was sold these lies my entire life and to this day they haven’t blossomed. There has been no change at all. It’s not my fault, but it is my [[responsibility]]. What do I lose by remaining open? By truly reserving [[judgement]] whenever I can, like a true sceptic. Why must I take the cynical route and destroy the hope of others?