---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-04-03
journal-end-date: 2024-04-03
journal-section: day
tags:
  - unlinked
---
```calendar-nav
```

# Daily [[Gratitude]]

# [[Stormlight Archive]]
## Kalidan
He [[regret]]s his decisions and beats himself up. 

### Kalidan doesn't believe anyone understands his [[pain]], especially a light-eyes, until he meets Shalan and realizes she has gone through the same [[pain]] he has, and somehow still remains positive (although she admits it is through insanity).
I'm so guilty of this. I have this core belief that no one will ever understand me. I believe that their like is so much better because their circumstances are so much more favorable. I assume that my circumstances, my [[pain]], is the most important, I am the greatest victim. This is the same issue that my [[father]] is consumed by. I don't want to carry on this Legacy, this ancestral [[Karma]] is not mine.I want freedom to live my own life. In order to break free I should acknowledge the journey of others, the perspective of others. Remove myself from the pedestal I have placed myself on. This does not mean I diminish myself. when you place someone on a pedestal you lose contact with them, you lose communication with them. They are no longer your peer. there is no interaction. When you do this to yourself you became estranged from yourself. In order to regain myself I must allow in others. This will feel as if I am diminishing myself but that is an illusion, I am lowering myself to make myself real, tangible, approachable.
### Kaladin is broken.
I am also broken. I have even been called broken by Ori. Whether my [[pain]] is real, fake, deserved or undeserved, it's my [[pain]] and it won't go anywhere. It broke me. 

### Kaladin lived off of Tien’s life, off of his parents’ life. He wasn't required to support othersike Shalan was.

### The second Ideal
Protecting people that you like is [[self]]-serving, it is selfish, it is not protection. Kaladin wasn't a protector until the end of Radiance, until he spoke the second ideal. Up until then, he was just acting out of [[self]] interest.

## I'm also Shalan’s [[father]]
Even when things get better, I get more angry as it just raises my expectations, the goalpost moves, but in a nonlinear way.

## Recreance
Bonded spren died when knights abandoned their oaths.

## Teravangian
[[Genius]] and idiocy are two sides of the same coin. In both one is estranged from the rest of society. One feels alienated. 

If he will [[trust]] in one thing it is the laws of human [[genius]] on veterred, he trusts in himself in the [[genius]] that drove him to draw the diagram.

He's blessed with intelligence to do what he must do yet cursed with the compassion to understand what he has done. They come inversely so he can never have both at once and therefore never act on both at once.

He asked for the capacity to save humanity.

## Jasnah
Acted as if she was born in her 30’s. It just took her 30 years for her body to catch up to her mind.

## Elohkar 
I am also Elokhar 
Elokhar is Dalinars Tien. Tien tried but he wasn't enough, he failed. 
He is a [[failure]]. It's not a crime to be a [[failure]].

# [[Self]]
If I find myself in all things, that means that I may be greater than all of these things individually. That I contain everything. It is simply a matter of what I choose to [[focus]] on that is my expression as a living incarnate conscious being. 

# Speaking with Ori
I was upset that Ori identified with Kalidin. I am upset that she shares this identity with me. I feel less inspired to use Kali dan S story to help Inform my identity.I feel that stormlight Archive is mine, but she took everything from me. It also makes it hand to set myself apart from her.I want to create an identity that makes me superior to her so that I can justify the events that have happened in the Last 10 years, but also the events that have happened in the last month or too.

I want to justify that all of what happened, our relationship
ending, means something. It can only mean something if I have
transcended what once was. I need to justify what happened and that
can only be a process of growth where I metabolized her and am now
moving on, in our own trajectories. I have created the narrative that
she was not able to grow with me, and that's why the universe had to
force us apart, or force me apart To banish me, the evil narcissist,
where I need to undergo a hell realm sentence before being able to
move on. If I am not the one who outgrew her, then that means
that she outgrew me, and that means that I have 10 years of hell to
look forward to, maybe not hell, but certainly limbo. If I forgive her
for abandoning me, that means that I am accepting defeat, that I am
throwing in the towel, that I acknowledge that she was right, that
she had bested me. I need to be the one that bested her because...
I need to show her what she lost, to show her the error of her
ways, to make her realize what an utter mistake she's made. She
must feel [[regret]] so that I may get VENGEANCE. I simply
want revenge and this desire for revenge is an attachment that
binds me to her. I haven't let go. My identity still orbits around here
IF I went true freedom, I need to forgive her so that I can let
her go for good. There is an opportunity cost for keeping her in my life, there won't be room for anyone else.

# Temperance
Protects you from yourself. Protects from the Karmic retribution you will inevitably incur.