---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-04-19
journal-end-date: 2024-04-19
journal-section: day
---
```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Tailor Your Flattery

Courtiers have to gain the [[3.0 Resources/3.1 Concepts/Attention]] of [[leader]]s and ingratiate themselves in some way. The most immediate way to do this is through flattery, since leaders inevitably have large [[ego]]s and a hunger to have their high [[self]]-opinion validated. Flattery can do wonders, but it comes with [[risk]]s. If it is too obvious, the flatterer looks desperate, and it is easy to see through the strategy. The best courtiers know how to tailor their flattery to the particular insecurities of the leader and to make it less direct. They [[focus]] on flattering qualities in the leader that no one else has bothered to pay attention to but that need extra [[Validation]]. If everyone praises the leader’s business acumen but not his or her cultural refinement, you will want to aim at the latter. *Mirroring the leader’s ideas and [[values]], without using their exact words, can be a highly effective form of indirect flattery*.

> Daily Law: Overt flattery can be effective but has its limits; it is too direct and obvious and looks bad to other courtiers. Discreet flattery, tailored to the insecurities of your target, is much more powerful.
> 
> _The Laws of Human Nature_, 14: Resist the Downward Pull of the Group—The Law of [[Conformity]]

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: What’s a recent achievement you’re proud of?

I am proud that I attended Exxxotica last week, despite all my [[hamstering]]. I am even more proud that I mustered up the [[Courage]] to purchase touchy-feely pictures from two women I was (extremely) attracted to in the real world. I received experiences that although fleeting, I had never had up until that point. I leveled up from that visit. It unlocked new features within me. 

# [[Homo Deus]]
Yuval Noah Harari
## We have two selves: the [[narrating self]] (left brain) vs the [[Experiential Self]] (right brain)
### The [[narrating self]] 
Averages as opposed to aggregates recollections/[[memory]] of experiences.

The story in our head. Spin yarns that appear logically consistent (after the fact) however these are fabrications. Full of inconsistencies and lacunas. 

Story is inconsistent from one day to the next. They are coverup stories. 

Our stories take on a tone, a genre. Is your story a tragedy, an epic, a thriller, a haiku, a textbook, etc.?

Stories made [[a posteriori]] (relating to or denoting [[reason]]ing or knowledge which proceeds from [[observation]]s or [[experience]]s to the deduction ([[deductive reasoning]]) of probable [[cause]]s). Dependent on experience. 

[[a priori]]
knowledge independent from any experience.

Sacrifice (forcibly) legitimizes the story. Gambler's fallacy.

Cognitive shortcuts?

The peak end rule.

[[Memory]] unreliable.

#### What is my story: Epic or tragedy?
My story is an oscillation between an epic and a tragedy. It’s like there are two authors. I want my story to be an epic, however in reality, it is a tragedy, and despite my best efforts, the tragedy is written from analysis of the [[experiential self]]. The epic is written directly from the narrative [[self]]. The epic is the story I want, but it is a lie, even the narrative [[self]] believes it is a lie because the [[experiential self]] keeps invalidating it with data that denotes a tragedy. The epic and tragedy fight each other but due to my emphasis on empiricism, the data wins. But data in vacuum does not constitute a story. The narrative [[self]] interprets the empirical data as a tragedy. How else would one interpret the events of my life? I am invisible to women. I have achieved less than my peers. I am sad. I am depressed. I am malnourished. I am under-stimulated. I am unfulfilled. I deserve more. I deserve better. I am in a state of lack, not abundance. How else can this story (in the short term) be described other than a tragedy? 

However, I bring up a great point that the temporal scope of this story is myopic. It is limited to the present moment, parochial (this term is used to describe someone who is very limited or narrow in scope, typically in terms of their interests or their perspective). I have tunnel [[vision]]. I lack the continuity to validate my story properly. I am biased. I want to see a tragedy and I take whatever I can and weave a tragedy out of only certain threads while discarding others. I then hide the big picture from myself through my [[ADHD]] brain, in-the-moment, Id, [[experiential self]]. I hide behind the biased interpretations, the skewed data. I am only skewing this data to preserve the status quo. It isn’t out of malice. It is out of comfort. Out of continuity. I know the tragedy, it is familiar, it is home. I don’t know where an epic story goes. It could be scary, it could be dangerous. I would be forced to navigate consciously, with hyper-vigilance. I could fail. I could not be vigilant enough. I could miss something important and lose my opportunity. I believe that I only have a limited set of chances. That there are windows of opportunity and if I miss them, I will never be able to proceed. Therefore, if I never enter the window, I will never lose the opportunity to grow. The possibility will always be there (I feel safe), however I will never need to realize, actualize, capitalize, act on, seize, cash in the opportunity which means that I won’t lose my currency. I believe that opportunity is finite, limited, scarce. I believe in [[scarcity]]. [[Scarcity]] informs me to hoard potential rather than spend it and possibly fail. This is how the tragedy perpetuates itself. The tragedy keeps me safe, which is why I ask for a repeat performance, over and over again. 

All I need to do is ask for the epic. I need to want the epic. But the epic entails [[risk]]. Tragedies are inherently fatalistic. You know from the onset how a tragedy will go. It’s in the name. An epic can go many ways, it is a rollercoaster of ups and downs and the end is not always happy, it is epic. It is more about the plot rather than character development. There is a relinquishing of the character to plot. If I accept the [[risk]] and I accept relinquishing some of myself to the plot, I can live the epic. On paper, I know that this is a worthy a trade, a trade I should make, but how do I convince my inner [[self]], my truest [[self]], my [[inner child]], that this is the path that WE should take?

## democracy and freedom
Individual rights and military conscription arose at roughly the same time. Free citizens fought better. Human’s militaristic value is diminishing.

## AI
Intelligence and consciousness are decoupling. Consciousness not needed for any of our intellectual achievements. Then what is the point of consciousness? What is the point of humans in humanity?

### from Oracle to agent to sovereign 
## Post-[[Liberalism]]
Not only cares about the value of human beings, but also individualism.

## Sub-humans, Humans, [[Superhuman]]s
Only the wealthy will be able to afford the implants that allow for a post-liberal future. This will create three castes, the poor (sub-humans), the algorithm users (normal humans), and the algorithm user/writers (super humans).

### Do technological advances trickle down?
The elite had a stake in upgrading the lives of the masses in the 20th century to enable the military and economy. Algorithms and technology will replace the contributions of the masses. Therefore what [[purpose]] to the masses serve? It would make more sense financially to uplift a limited set of elite by a large margin rather than the entirety of the masses by a narrow margin.

## [[Techno-humanism]]
Will enable us to control/reshape the most important thing in the world, our [[will]]. But if Will is malleable, something else must take it's place as most sacred.

## [[Dataism]], the data [[Religion]].

Data to information to knowledge to [[wisdom]]. 
# Conversation with Philip
## [[Homo Deus]] is amazing.
- This is my favorite book of this year. I will be reading it annually. j
- I used to think I was unique in my identity, my insights, my trajectory but I realize now that I am just a product of my [[environment]]. My wrestling with [[nihilism]] is the result of the transition from traditionalism, to liberalism, to post-liberalism. 

## Running:
What type of running shoe to you suggest?
Gait analysis?

## [[Purpose]]:
- How did you determine your [[purpose]]?
- If you had to do it again, how would you go about it?
- I part of me wants to be a writer.
- Another part of me wants to contribute to the post-liberal revolution.
- I want to be an algorithm writer.
- How do you organize/prioritize your day job with your passion? Are they the same? Are they different?

## Data Engineer
I’m not even sure this role is still available, but who do I talk to?
- I have a math deficiency - this isn’t a problem.
- Philip:
	- Data science - play in the algorithm space. 
# [[Running]]
## Head over shoulders, shoulders over hips.

## Shoes
Vibram 5 toes - minimalist

Hoka Clifton 8’s
-long runs

Ultra Torin  6’s - flat shoe

Hoka Carbon X 2’s

High arch - new balance
Good arch - nike or adidas
Pronate - asis brooks, Siconis, 
Altras if you had wide feet (flat)

Performance Running in Brookfield has running and gait analysis.

When you run, let your foot roll naturally, don’t push off of your foot. Let your foot naturally roll off.

## [[Reading List]]
Next: Master Algorithm
Next: Innovator’s Method

Further Down:
Social by Lieberman (micro-level evolution)

5 [[Analytics]] Areas:
1. **Convoluted Problems**: These are multi-level, multi-criterion, multi-objective business problems. [Data scientists typically need to apply a piecemeal problem-solving approach in these cases](https://www.dataversity.net/five-types-of-advanced-analytics-challenges/)[1](https://www.dataversity.net/five-types-of-advanced-analytics-challenges/).
    
2. **Multi-Disciplinary Problems**: These problems require bringing together concepts from multiple disciplines such as [[statistics]], economics, operations research, [[finance]], etc. [They require strong collaboration between multiple subject matter experts](https://www.dataversity.net/five-types-of-advanced-analytics-challenges/)[1](https://www.dataversity.net/five-types-of-advanced-analytics-challenges/).
    
3. **Data-Intensive Problems**: These problems involve dealing with large volumes of data. [The challenge here is to extract meaningful insights from the data while managing its size and complexity](https://www.dataversity.net/five-types-of-advanced-analytics-challenges/)[1](https://www.dataversity.net/five-types-of-advanced-analytics-challenges/).
    
4. **Algorithm-Intensive Problems**: These problems require the development and application of complex algorithms. [They often involve machine learning or other advanced analytical techniques](https://www.dataversity.net/five-types-of-advanced-analytics-challenges/)[1](https://www.dataversity.net/five-types-of-advanced-analytics-challenges/).
    
5. **Domain-Specific Problems**: These problems are specific to a particular industry or field. [They require specialized knowledge and often involve unique data sources or analytical techniques](https://www.dataversity.net/five-types-of-advanced-analytics-challenges/)[1](https://www.dataversity.net/five-types-of-advanced-analytics-challenges/).

# Contemplative [[Neuroscience]]
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Contemplative_neuroscience

# [[Writing]]
## [[Trust]] your [[instinct]]s

I see a lot of people in this sub asking about various things or looking for advice in a fashion that leads me to believe there are very many people who are insecure and want reassurance. I just wanted to say: you all should [[trust]] your instincts more. [[Trust]] your own sense of Taste! You rock! I'll leave off with this quote from Ira Glass:

> “Nobody tells this to people who are beginners, I wish someone told me. All of us who do creative work, we get into it because we have good Taste. But there is this gap. For the first couple years you make stuff, it’s just not that good. It’s trying to be good, it has potential, but it’s not. But your Taste, the thing that got you into the game, is still killer. And your Taste is why your work disappoints you. A lot of people never get past this phase, they quit. Most people I know who do interesting, creative work went through years of this. We know our work doesn’t have this special thing that we want it to have. We all go through this. And if you are just starting out or you are still in this phase, you gotta know its normal and the most important thing you can do is do a lot of work. Put yourself on a deadline so that every week you will finish one story. It is only by going through a volume of work that you will close that gap, and your work will be as good as your ambitions. And I took longer to figure out how to do this than anyone I’ve ever met. It’s gonna take awhile. It’s normal to take awhile. You’ve just gotta fight your way through.” 

# When you have [[strength]], you should live a strong life. Otherwise, it’s an insult to those who die because they are [[powerless]].
Is having [[power]] wrong? Is wanting to be strong evil?

# [[Julian Blanc]]: You MUST Accept Yourself
[[inner child]], [[Acceptance]]

[00:00](https://youtube.com/shorts/-UdqUajkG9Q?si=tXWQn4n-oi-X2nB0&t=0) you're a kid maybe you're feeling sad you don't want a parent say hey why are you feeling so sad what's wrong with you smile look everything's okay why are you sad what does it teach the kid it's not 

[00:07](https://youtube.com/shorts/-UdqUajkG9Q?si=tXWQn4n-oi-X2nB0&t=7) okay to feel sad what does a kid actually want hey you're feeling sad that's okay I'm going to be here with you as you feel sad and take as much time as you need that's what you want to 

[00:15](https://youtube.com/shorts/-UdqUajkG9Q?si=tXWQn4n-oi-X2nB0&t=15) hear yet very few parents teach that to their children and then the pattern of this is not okay this is not okay follows you you look at the ads the news TV it's like this is not okay you need 

[00:25](https://youtube.com/shorts/-UdqUajkG9Q?si=tXWQn4n-oi-X2nB0&t=25) to look like this you need to be like this you need to eat like this your diet's not okay this is not okay your relationship's not okay you find out about [[self]]-help you must improve improve 

[00:32](https://youtube.com/shorts/-UdqUajkG9Q?si=tXWQn4n-oi-X2nB0&t=32) not okay not okay not okay not okay versus W what if this is okay and that doesn't mean there aren't things that you cannot improve but **just because you can work at something doesn't mean that** 

[00:40](https://youtube.com/shorts/-UdqUajkG9Q?si=tXWQn4n-oi-X2nB0&t=40) **you're flawed doesn't mean you're broken** you're okay it's okay it's okay to cry it's okay to be happy it's okay to relax it's okay to take action it's okay it's okay to be you and the more you can sink 

[00:50](https://youtube.com/shorts/-UdqUajkG9Q?si=tXWQn4n-oi-X2nB0&t=50) into that and let go of the sensations that may surfacing it's not the more you're going to start feeling at home in your body and the more your life's going to start changing 

Being sad is okay. We want to hear it’s okay to be sad. I’ll still be here with you, take as much time as you need. It’s okay to be sad, happy, it’s okay to need improvement, it’s okay to relax, it’s okay to take action. **It’s okay to be you**. 

# [[Heathcliff]]
## how to be a social butterfly 1

1. Being [[Social]] is [[Skill]] that needs to be learned and practiced.

2. "Naturals" are just people who honed their skills earlier than most

4. It's okay to fuck up, it happens to all of us. You'll never improve if you don't

5. Men are very good at recognising [[patterns]] and methods for [[success]] in all phenomena

6. Talking to people and making new friends will have HUGE effects on your personal life

7. Getting laid is much easier when you have a large group of friends, a large pool of women to meet and the ability to effortlessly find more