---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-10-28
journal-end-date: 2024-10-28
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [x] AI
- [ ] Writing
- [x] Socialization
- [ ] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [x] Breathwork
- [x] Journal


# Transits

| [[Time]] | Event |
|------|-------|
| 23:29 | [[Moon]] Enters [[Libra]] |
| 00:00 | [[Moon]] in Virgo |
| 08:34 | [[Venus]] Square [[Saturn]] |
| 07:30 | [[Mars]] Trine [[Neptune]] |
| 22:54 | [[Moon]] v/c |



# Journal
Today I had a lot meetings. My first meeting was with Mariano and the meeting I prepared for was not what I was prepared for. I thought it was a general, however it was a meeting where Mariano wanted to scout me out for his team. He was offended when I mentioned that I would be better than a managed-service-partner, insinuating that I was in the exact same position. It was a humbling experience, definitely [[Venus]] square [[Saturn]]. Next I met with Eric, and he inspired me to go out [[adventure]], network, and find my path. He said it took him 9 months of networking like it was his full [[time]] job to land a job. He also said that through networking, there was a skill that he didn't even know he had, that others could see in him, that ended up being the job he was meant to do. Then I had a meeting with Kim, and I did what I could to be helpful to her. Lastly I had my long awaited PIP meeting with HR. The allegations against me were ridiculous, almost comical. They are making me PDM for some reason, over the next 90 days, however I stated that I would be taking a vacation in December. That means that I will need to endure this humiliation for the month of November. I think I can do it. I don't feel as destroyed as I normally would because I know, as [[truth]], that the  boats are burned, there's no going back, and I have a life ahead of me. This is just an act of getting 1-2 months more of pay from the profit sharing payout. I can make it. I am strong enough, or rather, this is nothing to me. A month of incarceration for a lifetime of [[freedom]]. That's an easy choice. 

