---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-08-07
journal-end-date: 2024-08-07
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [x] AI
- [x] Entrepreneurship
- [ ] Socialization
- [x] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [x] Twitter
- [x] Breathwork
- [x] Second Brain

# Journal

I feel better today after reaching out to Dan directly. It turns out that he's like me, a straight-shooter, and that he wasn't offended by the interaction yesterday. I feel like I'm walking on eggshells however this has lessened my stress a bit.

I also reached out to Karan today. I need help and it's okay to be vulnerable. It feels oddly liberating.

The seed of [[wisdom]] is curiosity about your [[pain]], and it is cultivated through the increasingly masterful application of [[insight]]. 

[[Insight]] is [[judgement]] free examination of [[pain]]. 

Must swallow [[pride]]. Humility that I don't know everything. Some people might be farther along on the path. 

Your path in life is the one under your feet. Therefore the path is in the walking.

*Spiritual means if you use it, you have more of it. Material means if you use it you have less of it.*

[[Virtue]] allows you to keep your hard-won rewards. Without [[virtue]] to temper the experience, your good fortune will kill you. 

Waiting must be accompanied by hope, a goal, a reason.

> “They kill you, cut you with knives, shower you with curses. And that somehow cuts your mind off from clearness, and sanity, and [[self]]-control, and [[justice]]?” - [[Marcus Aurelius]]



> "When you're younger, it's easy to underestimate how fleeting the days can be. Each choice matters. Each day matters.
> 
> When you're older, it's easy to underestimate how much opportunity you still have. Don't talk yourself out of it. It's never too late to start." - [[James Clear]]

I will either find a way or I will make a way. -Hannibal

If winter comes, can spring be far behind? -Shelly

Sacrifice in views and intent with me, with energy to see it through to fulfillment. 

Don't neglect air resistance. Real life equations do not operate in a vacuum. 

# Work

I spoke with Philip. He wasn't very helpful however he did suggest two things. First that Luddites have forgotten how to play. How to enjoy life.

He ultimately wasn't that helpful which is sad, however, I don't think that it's okay to hold him accountable for all of the answers. I need to navigate my path, no one else can because my path is a great path. 

He  also suggested that I  watch  the movie [Joe vs the Volcano](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joe_Versus_the_Volcano).

# [[Naval Ravikant]] - How to Find your Specific Knowledge (Necessary Skill to Get Rich)

- Specific knowledge is an innate skill or talent often developed effortlessly during childhood or teenage years, recognized by close acquaintances.
- It combines unique traits from one's DNA and upbringing, forming part of one's personality and identity, which can then be honed and refined.
- Sales skills are an example of specific knowledge, with naturals in sales often developing their skills through early life experiences, though they can be improved through training.
- Many people underestimate the value of their specific knowledge and uniqueness, often doubting their abilities and potential contributions.
- To build [[confidence]] and discover one’s unique value, start small by achieving a modest goal, such as making one dollar online, which can initiate a positive feedback loop and lead to greater achievements.


