---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-12-05
journal-end-date: 2024-12-05
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [ ] Inner Work
- [ ] AI
- [ ] Writing
- [ ] Socialization
- [ ] Meditation
- [ ] Journal


# Transits

| [[Time]] | Event                    |
| -------- | ------------------------ |
| 20:17    | Sun Conjunct [[Mercury]] |



# Journal

Today I played more final fantasy 16. It's a great game, but it's starting to wear on a bit. I'm surprised that I would feel this way about having all day to play games, and finding that I want to take breaks and do something other than chew through this massive game.

I spent some [[time]] with my [[father]]. He is still in my thoughts, litanies of hatred echoing in the void of my inner sanctum. I want to move on yet still I'm tied here. I don't understand why the Universe is asking that I show him kindness, why I have to somehow show him fatherly affection when that  was his job! What [[purpose]] does it serve for me to show him kindness?

I was complaining to the Universe, asking why I am being asked to show kindness, [[compassion]], and understanding as opposed to the [[emotions]] that are deserving of the situation, such as righteous indignation? I realized that indignation, hatred, [[justice]], all have a [[self]]-serving element. They reify my sense of [[self]], order, [[purpose]], ego, [[identity]], whereas [[compassion]] does not serve any pro-[[self]] (selfish) [[purpose]]. It is not a mutual exchange, it is unilateral. I give him the [[emotions]] he craves. But wtf do I get out of it? Why is the Universe asking me to give to my enemy? He was right, I am my enemy, however he is wrong in thinking that I enjoy seeing him unravel in his old age. It is a burden. It only detracts more from me. My [[father]] is supposed to be my base (half) from which my foundations are built. How else am I supposed to react to seeing how weak these foundations are?

