---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-10-18
journal-end-date: 2024-10-18
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [x] AI
- [ ] Writing
- [x] Socialization
- [x] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [x] Breathwork
- [x] Journal


# Transits

| Time | Event |
|------|-------|
| 00:00 | Moon in Taurus |



# Journal

I explored my Human Design more today. I'm coming to terms with accepting and understanding what it means to be a pure generator. ChatGPT agreed with my metaphor of a black mage for a pure, and a red mage for a manifesting generator. There's a lot of wisdom in Human Design that I was overlooking out of pride. I've had more time to reflect and I realized that everything I tried to force was all for naught. I also realized that Human Design, specifically the sacral response, led to the problem with Kendra because I had a poor sacral response to Kendra's Kinaxis project and that's what started this whole mess. I don't know what I'm supposed to do, however I'm told that I'm just supposed to wait for the Universe to arrange itself, and that I wait, like a surfer waits for the right wave.

I spoke with Pavi. He suggested that I should leverage being kicked out of the company to get a severance package. He believed that going to formal school may be a waste of time/resources.

I met Chris Ekstroem. He was a really cool guy. We talked about AI. I felt like I was able to communicate in an even-keeled way with him. It felt nice, but also bittersweet to realize that there are likeminded and authentic people, however I've just been prevented from knowing them. I've never been exposed to these people. I was forced to stay in the hell of shared services whereas my tribe is elsewhere. It felt good knowing that both Chris and Rob Saunders both had their eye on me. 

I talked to my mother because she wanted to know how my talk with Pavi went. She shared her story about how she was also a victim of workplace bullying and politics and how it was weaponized against her. In her case, she was the sole breadwinner so she wasn't able to leave. I felt bad for her in that moment. She kept trying to reassure me that bad people will be punished, or that they can't get away with what they're doing forever. In that moment, I realized that I don't really care about vengeance, I am 100% committed to my progress, nothing more. I don't give a fuck about Kendra. I'm evolving. I'm on my purpose now, more and more every day.

