---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-11-12
journal-end-date: 2024-11-12
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [ ] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [ ] AI
- [x] Writing
- [ ] Socialization
- [x] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [x] Breathwork
- [x] Journal


# Transits

| [[Time]] | Event |
|------|-------|
| 00:25 | [[Moon]] Enters Aries |
| 07:21 | [[Mercury]] Square [[Saturn]] |
| 00:13 | [[Moon]] v/c |



# Journal

What happened to my passion for [[AI]]?
Passion is fleeting. I ran into some many blocks. Everyone stopped me dead in my tracks. Is it [[FOMO]]?
I don't want to persist because all I get is [[failure]] as my outcome. I get the emotional of disappointment. Of loss. I begin to avoid receiving loss because I am focused on the result. 

After listening to Project Pat, I was transported to my early 20's. Next, I recalled the painful gut-wrenching humiliation I suffered at the hands of Matt Peasley where he publicly mocked me for having a hairy penis. At the [[time]], I was mortified, not only because he mocked  me, but because I had instantly concluded that if he knows it, then everyone must know it. The public humiliation, the shattering of my [[self]]-image, the [[pain]] of my first real relationship with [[Madeline]], and how the ill will I fostered must have driven her to publicly  [[shame]] me, it was too much for me to handle. From that point, I cut that entire peer group out of my life. I never forgave Matt for doing that to me, even  though now I realize that he was just the messenger. It was [[Madeline]] who was the  subject of my ire. I realize now that I've always had this dual image of myself, the paradox that I've inherited from my [[Father]]. He has the  biggest ego, while simultaneously being the  weakest person one can be. The emptiest, of lowest status. My eternal [[pain]] is likely the same burden as his, the [[pain]] of low status. The [[pain]] of no status. As a male, this is unbearable however when you're also built with traits such as his (and mine), the [[pain]] becomes all the more unbearable because of the deficit we start from. It seems impossible to actually win the race, to attain status, so the ego must compensate for the deficit, hence, a  massively disproportionate ego develops. This ego works to fool others, but like my [[mother]] told me, my uncle Bobby saw through his facade immediately.

Today I graded some problems that he was doing and noticed the same pattern that I went through my entire life. Because my [[mother]]  had not planned his day properly, and because my [[father]]  slept all day, he ate and then instead of watching tv, he had to do his homework. Because he's a stroke victim, he needs to do visual scanning tasks. It was a series of problems however he was rushing through them to get to his prize, watching tv. He had no conception of the usefulness of the task. And as a result,  he  got multiple problems wrong. I saw that I had the same problems going through early grade school. It was an emotional and attentional problem rather than an intellectual or cognitive  problem. I lament  all that I've inherited from my [[father]]. I've also inherited his brain. I hate that I've been burdened with his filth. I can't call it anything else, because I haven't seen any positive thing come from him for my entire life. It's all been negative, it's all been a facade, a mirage. I don't want to be like that. I want to be something in the world, but I've inherited his curse. I am tasked with making this family line's curse functional...and it's a seemingly impossible task. However, I don't have much of a choice. There's nowhere left to run. I realize now that the decisions I've made at SCJ were those of a grifter, like my [[father]]. I wanted to get into project management because I thought it would be easy, and that I could fake my way through the corporate ladder. However, it seems like I prevent myself from following this path, despite my best effort. Even when the opportunity came, I created enough ill will to prevent my progress. I see now that it's perhaps because up until this point, it would have been fake, a sham, a grift. I'm not the grifter any longer. I will do what needs to be done to actualize. Even if it means hard work. Even if it means starting from a lower point, or the bottom, even if it takes years and won't yield instant [[success]]. Even if I may never see my dreams come true. This one hurts, because it makes me think that I may need to give up on some or all of my dreams, because I can't tell whether they are worthy, real, true, dreams, or maladaptive dreams borne of [[Neptune]].