---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-06-21
journal-end-date: 2024-06-21
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## The Slow [[Power]] Grab

> [[Ambition]] can creep as well as soar.
> 
> —Edmund Burke

In almost every film Alfred Hitchcock made, he had to go through the same wars, gradually wresting control of the film from the producer, the actors, and the rest of the team. His struggles with screenwriters were a microcosm of the larger war. Hitchcock always wanted his [[vision]] for a film to be exactly reflected in the script, but too firm a hand on his writer’s neck would get him nothing except resentment and mediocre work. So instead he moved slowly, starting out by giving the writer room to work loosely off his notes, then asking for revisions that shaped the script his way. His control became obvious only gradually, and by that time the writer was emotionally tied to the project and, however frustrated, was working for his approval. A very patient man, Hitchcock let his [[power]] plays unfold over time, so that producer, writer, and stars understood the completeness of his domination only when the film was finished. To gain control of any project, you must be willing to make time your ally. If you start out with complete control, you sap people’s spirit and stir up envy and resentment. So begin by generating the illusion that you’re all working together on a team effort; then slowly nibble away. If in the process you make people angry, do not worry. That’s just a sign that their [[emotions]] are engaged, which means they can be manipulated.

> Daily Law: Overt manipulation and [[power]] grabs are dangerous, creating envy, distrust, and suspicion. Often the best solution is to move slowly.
> 
> _The 33 Strategies of War_, Strategy 29: Take Small Bites—The Fait Accompli Strategy


# Morning Journal

1. What’s something I’m grateful for?
	1. I’m grateful for the day off. 
2. What’s something I’m excited about?
	1. I’m excited that I am on a path that is moving towards the future I desire, even if the degree is limited. I am starting to care more about my appearance and I am seeing progress in my appearance. I’ve noticed that I am strongly preoccupied with my appearance. I know/believe that my appearance will gate my performance with women and I need some women in my life. Even if it isn’t for emotional connection, which I also genuinely crave, I am also so sexually hungry. I refuse to masturbate to pornography (possibly ever again) so my only outlet will be real physical women who I’m attracted to. They need to be of a certain level of attractiveness for me to be…attracted. In order to bed this caliber of women, I will need to reach a certain level of attractiveness as well.
3. What is a [[virtue]] I want to exhibit?
	1. Discipline, [[determination]], conscientiousness, diligence. I feel guilty that I’m not working nearly hard enough to attain what I dream.
4. What’s something I’m avoiding?
	1.  I keep avoiding the task(s) at hand which is work. 
5. What’s the one thing I need to do?
	1. My short-term goals are learn [[Databricks]], writing/marketing/sales, and figure out the [[Obsidian]] Auto-link dilemma. You also need to catch up and learn the [[ML]]/AI space.


# Misc

Man is something to be surpassed. 

# [[Anxiety]]



The greatest source of suffering is the lies we tell ourselves. 

Art doesn't change the world but it can change the consciousness of people that can change the world.
–Herbert Mercuse

Praxis - action, application, not just theory 

Don't mistake movement for progress. The difference is a goal.

Art (and people) is a physical embodiment of radical subjectivity. Monopoly capitalism productizes this. 

People talking past each other as opposed to with each other. 

[[Akrasia]]



# [[Hair]]

# [[Planetary Dignities in Astrology]]

# [[Twitter]]

# [[Blooms Revised Taxonomy]]

# comparison is the thief of joy - Even when it's your future [[self]] 

Lesson 9: Avoid Comparison and Embrace the Present


Don't fall into the trap of comparing yourself to others.

Everyone is on their own unique journey.

**Instead of constantly looking ahead and feeling dissatisfied with the present**, place your finish line behind you.

Embrace where you are now and recognize that you are living your life, not someone else's.


