---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-06-13
journal-end-date: 2024-06-13
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Lead from the Front

> Hannibal was the greatest general of antiquity by reason of his admirable comprehension of the morale of combat. . . . His men were not better than the Roman soldiers. They were not as well-armed, one-half less in number. Yet he was always the conqueror. He understood the value of morale. He had the absolute [[confidence]] of his people.
> 
> —Colonel Charles Ardant du Picq

Morale is contagious, and you, as leader, set the tone. Ask for sacrifices you won’t make yourself (doing everything through assistants) and your troops grow lethargic and resentful; act too nice, show too much concern for their well-being, and you drain the tension from their souls and create spoiled children who whine at the slightest pressure or request for more work. Personal example is the best way to set the proper tone and build morale. When your people see your devotion to the cause, they ingest your spirit of energy and [[self]]-sacrifice. A few timely criticisms here and there and they will only try harder to please you, to live up to your high standards. Instead of having to push and pull your army, you will find them chasing after you.

> Daily Law: In commanding influence in the world, human beings—a devoted army of followers—are more valuable than money. They will do things for you that money cannot buy.
> 
> _The 33 Strategies of War_, Strategy 7: Transform Your War into a Crusade—Morale Strategies

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: Reflect on a time when you received a heartfelt thank-you.

[[how to win friends and influence people]]

Do I need the world to validate me? To validate my [[beauty]]?

[[How to be decisive]]

“When people have nothing else to be proud of, they fall back on race”

# Twitter Post

Every decision you make is a [[judgement]] of your [[values]].