---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-11-01
journal-end-date: 2024-11-01
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [ ] AI
- [ ] Writing
- [x] Socialization
- [x] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [x] Breathwork
- [x] Journal


# Transits

| [[Time]] | Event                        |
| -------- | ---------------------------- |
| 00:00    | [[Moon]] in [[Scorpio]]      |
| 07:46    | New [[Moon]] - 9 [[Scorpio]] |



# Journal

"We treat dandruff with decapitation."

# Kristen critiques my communication
I spoke with Kristen all day and she revealed to me that she understands why I was reported to HR, and that she wouldn't like me if she didn't know me. She's basically said that I was too pompous and arrogant. That I need to lead with empathy and [[compassion]] as opposed to leading with what I believe to be [[authenticity]].

## Summary
- **Empathy over Assertion**: Shifting your [[focus]] from proving knowledge to showing empathy may help smooth social interactions and build stronger connections, particularly with those sensitive to dominance cues.
- **Mindful Communication**: Considering how your words are received by those with different perspectives, especially in professional settings, could enhance your ability to communicate without unintentionally distancing others.
- **Balanced [[Authenticity]]**: Adapting communication without compromising [[authenticity]] could be the key to navigating polarizing tendencies while staying true to your essence. Developing a less guarded, more inviting style might help bridge the gap between your inner [[self]] and how others experience you.
# To Kristen on pain
I feel you. I also have felt betrayed by [[fate]] but one day I started playing with the conclusion that there is no point other than inner [[transformation]] for me. Every event is going to be a sharp increase, and then a sharp loss, and each is going to cause me to metabolize the [[emotions]] to generate the [[energy]] to tear myself out of my old skin, and just keep repeating the process until I die.

Sounds grim, but idk, there's a kind of resignation to accepting that that is the point of life. It isn't there to make you happy (if only because what you think will make you happy keeps changing, so nothing would ever qualify)

and it enables the copium that the people that are born with "easy" lives are either not developing at all, or they are in for a world of [[pain]] when they're faced with its loss.

# [[Dr. Orion Taraban]]

Challenge accepted!

1. We are in constant [[pain]] due to [[anxiety]] of not knowing what's next. This is existential dread (hint: it's the [[fear]] of [[death]] in disguise).
2. We want to fill that void with predictive [[models]]. To gaslight ourselves into certainty by playing pretend games because the only reality is what is happening in the present moment. 
3. Thus, we all start our day in an emotional debt. (Dr. Orion's views are strongly influenced by [[behavioral economics]] which means thought/feelings/actions act like money) 
4. So, everyone is in debt, and that includes women. They want various currencies from men in an attempt to pay off this debt. Currencies that bring a sense of certainty (by proxy) like [[wealth]], status, physical attractiveness, etc. All of these currencies are exchanged based on the stories they contribute to, the ideas in women's heads regarding what will relieve them of their emotional debt.
5. So they want to be paid in material currencies, but our ability to earn/have those currencies are limited by their tangibility. Things like our genetics, our upbringing, [[environment]], circumstances, obey the laws of physics. Even for those you can control, they still take [[time]] and [[energy]]. 
6. Then someone discovered seduction. Dr. Orions's interpretation of seduction is so effective because it goes straight to the source and costs almost nothing: stories. All of the things women believe they want are just promises that a good enough story replaces the emptiness in their hearts. 
7. To tell the right story, you need to know your audience. Hence [[compassion]] and empathy are the tools with the highest ROI. 
8. To liberate another human from existential dread is one of the greatest gifts you can give. Afterwards, if you want to barter for a blowjob in exchange, the exchange rate is in your favor.

