---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-02-14
journal-end-date: 2024-02-14
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```


# Transits
| Time | Event |
|------|-------|
| 07:35 | Venus Sextile Neptune |
| 00:00 | Moon in Aries |
| 00:04 | Mars Enters Aquarius |



Venus sesquiquadrate [[North Node]]
- Balance self-indulgence in relationships
- fulfilling karmic lessons gracefully
- soul's lesson is to learn to balance your love for peace with some initiative. Don't become lazy and complicit.

# [[Heidi Priebe]] 
Am I fearing commitment because I have this crazy irrational fear of commitment, or am I choosing to pursue people who share my interests and values, because I'm afraid...?
# [[Victoria]] breakup

I just told myself: "I don't want someone new." when asked what type of person this new person for me will be.

It hurt so badly to realize how she begged and pleaded for me to take her back and I continued to throw the "just friends" narrative back in her face. I know I am cruel. I being the heart center.
- I hate emotions. This is why I repressed them during my last breakup.
- I vacillate between 3rd and 4th chakra. There is a tear or a sunder.

I am panicking again. I don't know what do with these emotions.
- Ride them out

Victoria needs blanket acceptance of all of her flaws. That is love, and that is something that I am willing to give her, but when I confessed to her, I got a lukewarm reception which I interpreted as "get to the back of the line" which next translated that to mean "I am unwilling to commit". This turned me off (emotionally) and triggered the logical side to pull back.

My heart pangs are triggered by memories of habits. Familiar patterns such as sitting at my desk on my PC in the basement of my childhood home. This has been my state for the last almost 2 years. I have been asleep. As soon as I came home, or even escaped any social situation at all, I was addicted, lured back into my opium state with my codependent partner.
- I am jealous that she is entering that she is entering a new stage of life and that it will be a securely attached relationship.

This is what you wanted. This is what you've worked for, for 3 years! Wtf is wrong with you?! 
- Ori is now Muffin, outside of the door, staring at  you dead-eyed.
- This is a frightening indictment of your lack of emotional awareness. Either you don't know how you've felt this whole time of you are forgetting all of the ways you felt across those 3 years. You kept feeling abandoned. This is a repeat of interaction with your mother. It wasn't her fault but it was what happened and you were the recipient of neglect.

What does Victoria give me that I feel I will never find in another person?
- endless validation
- companionship
- codependent haze-bliss
- safety
- she lets me be me, the bad parts, tolerates my negative
- she lets me feel powerful, in control, mastery over another
- STABILITY - she was my rock. I can't function, or so I think, without this stabilizer. At least when I'm fearful (emotional).
	- I'm nobody anymore
	- I've been growing on someone else's stability

I fear when I am triggered into my emotional (fearful) side because I make extremely rash decisions that I often regret later, and in the pasta, can't take back.

Close friends + sex = romantic relationship. I was not sexually attracted to Victoria at all. I had my own issues as well, but in the end, I wasn't inspired to fucker her like she wants, and honestly, needs and deserve as a human being. She did not want to commit to changing in the way that I required out of a partner.

I'm losing the only person I care about in the world. I don't even care about the details or specifics. This emotion is destroying me.
- In my mind, marriage is the only way to secure that.
- She's not going to stick around because I'm only intolerable person to be around. She was the only person who could tolerate me.

Victoria was on the way to replacing me already. Your last chance appears to be around [[2023-09]].

Does she want vengeance against me?

What do I want out of life? Security is the way back, it's what my heart wants. Growth, specifically in world ([[10th house]]) or in the [[9th house]], is where I'm karmically supposed to go. My "dharma". It is in opposition to every other fiber of my being. I feel that my goals, my ambition, is driven by status and wealth. Status and the wealth it's supposed to come with is defined by society, by others, like my mother. I saw this choice in my career as a project manager vs an analyst. Now it is Victoria vs No Victoria. Who is guiding me between forwards and backwards?

I thought that I needed to break free from Ori to break my dependence from her. She is my enabler. I didn't realize that we could be free, could grow together. I didn't even both to ask. I have been fostering her independence as a way for me to break free but we could have freed ourselves together and remain a team. 

Ori reached out to me. Just as my pain and therapy was reaching a crescendo, she reset it all. I was able to tell her more about how I feel, but she is confused and mad that I ruined her Valentine's Day. I am angry too, but also elated. I am mad because it feels like she is drip-feeding me, but also because my healing has ceased. I no longer feel any anxiety or heartache from realizing I destroyed my best relationship. I told myself that if I get her back from this situation (one last chance), I will be forced to acknowledge God. I actually asked God to bring her back to me. What can I say now is, I have tried my best, given my all. Either Fate brings her back to me, or it doesn't. Is the trigger to flip emotional or pure availability? As soon as I detect unavailable, I go into fearful. When I detect available, I flip avoidant. 







