---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-09-27
journal-end-date: 2024-09-27
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [x] AI
- [ ] Writing
- [ ] Socialization
- [x] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [x] Breathwork
- [x] Journal


# Transits

| [[Time]] | Event |
|------|-------|
| 00:00 | [[Moon]] in [[Leo]] |



# Journal

I am wracked with [[anxiety]] pangs. Pavi rescheduled to Monday. It's going to be an intense day. I realize now that I have lived with this [[fear]] my entire life, and that I [[self]]-medicate using any stimulation to avoid its tyranny. 

I was working on my custom [[power]] bi visual and I realized that I can't handle difficulty mixed with [[uncertainty]]. The [[emotions]] that are evoked surpass my threshold of tolerance, and those [[emotions]] echo within me for some [[time]] afterwards. I am still feelings those pangs. However, it could also be that my emotional threshold is met because I have so much other stress that I start each day with. I don't have a large window to accommodate the stress associated with learning, growing, and actively participating in the world. So I use food to avoid the wracks of [[anxiety]] that wash over me ceaselessly. I am a victim of my own heart and mind. I don't know what to do. There's no end in sight. I literally do every possible thing that's in my control and while it helps, it's not enough to face this curse I've come into the world with. I've come into this world with a demon on my back. It keeps tearing everything I am from me. I want out. I actually thought about killing myself today, because I realized that the disproportional resistance I've faced, and will face, for my entire life, will not end. It will continue, and only get worse, and I don't know if I can or want to endure that. I've already shown so much [[courage]] compared to who I was 3 years ago, but...I don't think I can keep going. There's no end in sight, and my ops are relentless. 

This situation at work has shown me that no matter what I do, no matter how much I grow, the Universe will conspire to keep me down. I pushed so hard this [[time]], more than I've ever done in the past, and it still seems that my enemies just push harder, they multiply 10-fold to oppress and keep me down. No one wants me. The world doesn't want me. Everyone offers only resistance and [[inertia]]. They don't want a person to grow. They don't want to see change. They don't want to see [[power]]. They just want to see me stuck where I am. I need help. I need a miracle. A potent, direct, tangible, unequivocal demonstration or set of demonstrations that [[God]] has my back. That I am not alone. That Spirit has my back. That someone cares for my unfolding. I need the enzyme. I am willing to work, but I need a direction, I need a way, a vector, an angle of approach. I [[fear]] I won't last long enough, to endure long enough, to see the end of this dark tunnel unless someone carries me the rest of the way.

I'm sorry [[Amrit]]. I'm just not strong enough for you, for us.

# AI Use Cases
1. Assistant - save [[time]] on repetitive tasks.
2. As a creator - draft content
3. As a brain storm partner - pressure test, brainstorm, get feedback or second opinion, simulations 
4. As a researcher - analyze data and gain insights.


# AI Tools
1. Image and Design
2. Text and [[Writing]]
3. Productivity
4. Audio and Video
5. Development
6. Other
7. Marketing and Sales
