---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-04-16
journal-end-date: 2024-04-16
journal-section: day
---
```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Do Not Commit to Anyone

> I would rather be a beggar and single than a queen and married.
> 
> —Queen Elizabeth I

It is [[the fool]] who always rushes to take sides. Do not commit to any side or cause but yourself. By maintaining your [[independence]], you become the master of others—playing people against one another, making them pursue you. If you allow people to feel they possess you to any degree, you lose all [[Power]] over them. By not committing your affections, they will only try harder to win you over. Stay aloof and you gain the [[power]] that comes from their [[3.0 Resources/3.1 Concepts/Attention]] and frustrated [[desire]].

> Daily Law: play the Virgin Queen: give them hope but never satisfaction.
> 
> _The 48 Laws of Power_, Law 20: Do Not Commit to Anyone

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: Write about a time when you helped someone in need.

I have taken on the role of scrum master for my team. As agile methodology is new to the team, I met with individuals one-on-one to help them flesh out their work into workable epics and user stories. 

Specifically with my coworker Mike Edwards. I was able to help him frame what he was doing, but I was also able to give advice on projects he can work on to earn his freedom out of being a PDM. I was able to show him a path forward that he had not previously anticipated.

# Extended Cognition

Mind is not confined to just the brain, but also extends into the body and [[environment]].

Tools such as writing, journals, and computers act as prosthetic mind/brain extensions (modules). 

These tools act as extensions by storing information and performing calculations. These two activities offload or outsource the burden, or cognitive load placed solely on the brain. 

There is not distinction between the brain, body, and [[environment]]. They are a single system due to the processes being so tightly intertwined, as to be indistinguishable. 

As a result, our identity is not limited to just our mind and body, but also our [[environment]]. 

## 4E [[cognition]]
cognition/thought is not confined to the brain, but also:
1. embodied: we are in bodies. Being in these physical vessels influences how we think and understand.
2. embedded: we are embedded in an [[environment]] and as a result, this embeddedness influences our thought and understanding. Our embeddedness is us, we are extensions of our [[environment]]. As a result, our [[environment]] shapes our thought and understanding. 
3. enactive: cognition arises from the dynamic, constant, interplay between [[self]] and [[environment]]. Between an acting organism and its [[environment]]. Our actions to our [[environment]] shape the [[environment]] which in turn shapes us back. 
4. extended: we extend our cognition beyond the confines of our brain into the external/physical world. Tools are prosthetic brain modules.

# [[TRP]]: [[Heathcliff]]

## Life is a gift, don’t fucking waste it.
### Any hand can be a winning hand if you play it well.

It just comes down to when, where, and how you play it. You don’t like the hand you were dealt. It is not the best hand. It is flawed in many ways but you were also [[gifted]] in many ways and you should respect that, acknowledge that, and acknowledge that your [[ancestors]] gave you these blessings along with whatever you think they cursed you with. 

## this is my [[philosophy]], this is my 9th house awakening 

# [[Homo Deus]]

## the agricultural deal

## humanist religions

## individual means cannot be divided, whole 

## substance oriented ontological explanation of the brain does not properly justify the subjective experience 

# Word: Lacuna

_a gap or missing part_, as in a manuscript, series, or logical argument; hiatus.