---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-05-29
journal-end-date: 2024-05-29
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Nothing Personal

A lot of people in life have terrible problems dealing with politics, with disassociating their [[emotions]] from the work world or the realm of [[power]]. They take everything personally. I myself had a terrible problem working in offices, working in Hollywood, working in journalism, and so on. I’m a bit naive, and a lot of other people are too. And basically what happens in these situations is, because nobody trains you for these things, you get emotional—you take what people say and do personally. The moment you get wrapped up in the [[emotions]] of it, you’re done. You have to be able to look at life as if it were moves on a chessboard. [[Marcus Aurelius]] has this great quote that I’ll paraphrase: if you’re in a boxing ring and the boxer punches you in the face, you don’t whine about the unfairness or the cruelty. No, that’s just part of the game. I want you to see life like this: If someone does something to you that is nasty, get control of your [[emotions]]. Don’t react. Don’t get upset. Look at it as moves on a chessboard. They are moving you. Don’t listen to their words, because people will say anything. Look at their moves. Look at their maneuvers. Look at their past actions. Actions tell you who they are, not what they say. That kind of [[self]]-control is immensely liberating and empowering.

> Daily Law: Judging people by their actions and not taking them personally will free you up, help you keep your emotional balance.
> 
> “[[Robert Greene]]: Mastery and Research,” _Finding Mastery: Conversations with Michael Gervais, January 25, 2017_

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: List three things you’re grateful for about your personal growth.

1. I was stunned to realize the other day that I no longer see myself as a victim of [[fate]]. I no longer see myself as powerless. I am no longer “the underdog”. I of course have a long way to progress to meet my needs and then goals, however I fundamentally believe that I am capable of doing it. I have regained myself. 
2. I am starting to look at myself in the mirror and like what I see. Again I have some time to go, but now the fear and anxiety is transitioning to patient and controlled expectation. I see the outcome as an inevitability rather than a possible future I am at constant [[risk]] of losing through [[self-sabotage]]. I can start to tone down my hypervigilance. This reflects most in my wardrobe additions recently. I have invest more and more into my appearance as time goes on.
3. I have started to internalize the dream of [[entrepreneurship]] as a means to achieve [[financial freedom]] enabling the pursuit of [[purpose]]. What was once deemed the “heretical path” is now the only conceivable option I have. There is no other road any longer. This isn’t just the world’s dream any more, this my dream. I claim it.


# [[Writing]]

[[Dickie Bush]]’s writing routine:

1. Choose 1 topic to write about for 3 hours the next morning 

2. Brain dump 10 bullets on the idea before bed 

3. Sleep for 8 hours, wake up, espresso, then start writing This gives me 12 uninterrupted hours of "thinking" on 1 idea, every single day.


# We are literally the food we eat

Our bodies are 3d printed from the “ink” that is our food. We are literally made up of the building blocks that we take and transmute from food. Therefore improving the quality of those building blocks will dictate the quality of your body.

# [[Emotion]]al Eating

I have been suing food to regulate my mood, my emotional state. 

# The opposite of [[fear]] is awe, [[Gratitude]]

# We are the [[environment]], we are in constant communication, connection

Isolating inside all day cuts you off.

Modernity instills a loss of control and then resells it back to you in small, limited, packaging. We need to take back our innate [[agency]], [[autonomy]].

# My relationship with videogames

My relationship with videogames taught me the painful lesson that my fear of boredom, of [[death]], kept me playing the same unfulfilling games ad nauseum, just so I could avoid confronting my existence for one more day.

## Twitter reply:

My relationship with videogames taught me the painful lesson that my fear of boredom (an attentional [[death]]) kept me playing the same unfulfilling games ad nauseum, just to stave off the inevitable existential crisis for one more day.

# The digital gold rush

Social media isn’t the destroyer of humanity, it’s the **unifier**. It’s the new town square where people come to meet and exchange value without the prior limitations of physical location.

# Insositol
## Combining selenium and myo-inositol to improve thyroid health and function

In this meta-analysis, supplementing with a combination of selenium and myo-inositol increased T4 levels and reduced thyroid-stimulating hormone levels but had no effect on T3 or thyroid antibodies in adults with subclinical hypothyroidism.

## Inositol is probably good for you, here’s why
https://www.reddit.com/r/Testosterone/comments/13uqzm4/inositol_is_probably_good_for_all_of_you_heres_why/

### Dosage

"Inositol" is most likely myo inositol when you purchase supplements. I'd suggest starting with MYO because it gets converted into DCI, alternatively buy a product with a 40:1 ratio of MYO:DCI because if you are deficient in MYO you don't get enough MYO if/when DCI is converted into MYO.

For myo-inositol supplementation, [[Andrew Huberman]] recommends a dosage range from 1 to 5 grams per day. It is suggested to start with a lower dose, such as 1 or 2 grams, and then increase based on personal tolerance to its sedative effects, which could include drowsiness or reduced anxiety. He personally uses 900 milligrams of myo-inositol before sleep to improve sleep quality due to its sedative properties. For both men and women looking to improve egg and sperm health, this range is often recommended

# [[Fuzzy Logic]] - [[divergent thinking]]



# mind key 
Algorithm that builds itself off of all of your data and creates a key through which you can start filtering your consciousness and interpreting your dreams, like a map to your soul, like a fingerprint but a mind. 
