---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-10-25
journal-end-date: 2024-10-25
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [ ] AI
- [ ] Writing
- [x] Socialization
- [ ] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [ ] Breathwork
- [x] Journal


# Transits

| Time | Event |
|------|-------|
| 00:00 | Moon in Leo |



# Journal
My behavior needs to be goal directed. Based on a talk with myself, I realized that while The Singularity and Apotheosis through technology is a noble goal, it's secondary to my primary goal of sexual optionality, aka freedom to satisfy my desires. Freedom is my true primary goal, and what that means for me now is optionality, power. So Freedom, Power, Optionality. In the near term, this means a career that will give me the money to obtain the status that enables me the optionality to choose my mate, or in the near-near term, allow me to meet  my sexual needs which is heavily tied to my esteem needs. Therefore, my North Star isn't so hazy any more. It's directly tied to fulfilling my sexual desires through gaining status.

# Kristen
Today I talked with Kristen for almost the entire afternoon, and we connected on quite a few levels, however, as I've already noted to myself, I'm not attracted to her physically. It's so strange, but the exact same thing that happened with Victoria happened with Kristen. We connected, I was enjoying the friendship, however she wanted to be more than friends. However, this time, I established my boundaries and stated that I was just interested in being friends. I was a bit more Libran about it than I would like, I was still concerned about her feelings, however I firmly stated that I wanted a friend, not a romantic relationship. While writing the message, I had to dial back my over-explaining, my justification for having my own preferences. I don't need to justify being myself and having my own feelings. I'm entitled to them by virtue of being me. This was a huge step in the right direction and it showed me how far I've come in development. I have a firm ego now. I have a strong sense of self that, with the proper reinforcement will be iron, diamond. I now understand that I need to listen to my body first and foremost. I need to get what I want, and part of that means saying "no" to what I don't want. I did feel scared that I would lose the friendship, however I was firm in my resolution that my feelings come first, then my relationships come second. Not the other way around. If my feelings aren't met first, then the rest doesn't matter.

# [[Prompt Engineering]]

