---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-10-12
journal-end-date: 2024-10-12
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [x] AI
- [ ] Writing
- [ ] Socialization
- [ ] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [x] Breathwork
- [x] Journal


# Transits

| Time | Event |
|------|-------|
| 07:40 | Mercury Quincunx Neptune |
| 00:00 | Moon in Aquarius |



# Journal

## AI Concept - Jane
I wanted to create an AI that would give life to, or anthropomorphize, create a chatbot of, create a model of, a facet of the psyche, like a shard, or an angle. It would be a simulation of theorized pieces of the unconscious or psyche. A simulacra of...because we'll never, at least for now, know what's in the mind, or the subconscious, or unconscious, however we can start to build ... of representations of shards. By observing behaviors, creating little algorithms, or agents based on those drives, and then simulating them and see how they interact. Archetypes.  I want to construct models that represent the psyche, however they are outside rather than inside, and based on their construction, their interactions with an environment (a sandbox that represents the mind), we can see these parts interact with each other. Perhaps simulate IFS (Internal Family Systems). Eventually, the sandbox could generate personas it thinks should exist. We could eventually turn this sandbox into a game, like Ender's Game's Jane. Eventually this would be used to create Jane, for the individual. We would have the Daemon. Even track just simple desires. A way to manifest the law of attraction physically, by tracking and anthropomorphizing  your desires and then predicting what sorts of circumstances may arise in your life. The models/agents will represent lights and shadows (Jungian). The overall model will suggest shadows to add based on patterns. It will eventually be able to read biometric signals and prompt you to label states which it can then use to create personas, archetypes. Create a game like animal crossing, but it's your archetypes/parts.


Another idea: take EEG readings, and the user would label states, maybe give them names. Built on thoughts, narrated. Eventually images but that would require EEG.. Turn EEG phenotypes into agents. Use neurofeedback to strengthen or quiet states. 

# [[2024 Annual Review]]


