---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-05-12
journal-end-date: 2024-05-12
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Be Wary of the Noble Gesture

> It is a world not of angels but of angles, where men speak of moral principles but act on [[power]] principles; a world where we are always moral and our enemies always immoral.
> 
> —Rules for Radicals, Saul D. Alinsky

The noble gesture is one of the most effective smoke screens—a favorite of the supposed nonplayer. The art dealer Joseph Duveen was once confronted with a terrible problem. The millionaires who had paid so dearly for Duveen’s paintings were running out of wall space, and with inheritance taxes getting ever higher, it seemed unlikely that they would keep buying. The solution was the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C., which Duveen helped create in 1937 by getting Andrew Mellon to donate his collection to it. The National Gallery was the perfect front for Duveen. In one gesture, his clients avoided taxes, cleared wall space for new purchases, and reduced the number of paintings on the market, maintaining the upward pressure on their prices. All this while the donors created the appearance of being public benefactors.

> Daily Law: People want to believe apparently noble gestures are genuine, for the belief is pleasant. They rarely notice how deceptive these gestures can be.
> 
> _The 48 Laws of Power_, Law 3: Conceal Your Intentions

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: Think about a time when you volunteered or helped a cause.


[[$100M Offers]]
Alex Hormozi

Differentiation vs Commoditization

Why
Ask yourself why are you doing what you're doing, ask what you're doing the clarity when or certaint y in order to gain more certainty create a trigger if I do next then I will do why if statement will be when 

When
[[Time]] block 

[[Structure]] gives you more freedom not less. 

Proactive 

Prioritize by emotional response such as avoidance for the most pressing highest priority do it first 

What
Nice: near term, input-based, controllable , energizing

[[Fear]] - write a story about yourself describe your situation in the third person 

Labels dash we are affected by and therefore we should replace our negative labels with positive spin such as instead of you're a f***** instead likely yourself as a lifelong learner 

10-10-10, will this matter to me in 10 minutes Will this matter to me in 10 hours matter to me 10 weeks, will this matter to me in 10 years 

[[Confidence]] and [[self]]-[[doubt]] - when you are going to begin a task ask yourself how confident do I need to be begin this test chances are it isn't a 10 out of 10 tests 

[[Fear]] of being seen 
You're scared of being seen because you are scared of scrutinizing 

The spotlight effect - nobody cares about you they're all too busy in their own spotlight 

The Batman effect - build yourself an alter ego like beyoncé built Sasha fierce 

5 minute rule 
It's hard to get past [[inertia]] therefore the 5-minute rule makes it so that you have to take action but only for 5 minutes.


