---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-06-28
journal-end-date: 2024-06-28
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Renew Your Aura of Authority

Your authority will grow with each action that inspires [[trust]] and respect. It gives you the luxury to remain in [[power]] long enough to realize great projects. But as you get older, the authority you established can become rigid and stodgy. You become the [[father]] figure who starts to seem oppressive by how long he has monopolized [[power]], no matter how deeply people admired him in the past. A new generation inevitably emerges that is immune to your charm, to the aura you have created. They see you as a relic. You also have the tendency as you get older to become ever so slightly intolerant and tyrannical, as you cannot help but expect people to follow you. Without being aware, you start to feel entitled, and people sense this. Besides, the public wants newness and fresh faces.

The first step in avoiding this danger is to maintain a kind of sensitivity, noting the moods behind people’s words, gauging the effect you have on newcomers and young people. Losing that empathy should be your greatest fear, as you will begin to cocoon yourself in your great reputation. The second step is to look for new markets and audiences to appeal to, which will force you to adapt. If possible, expand the reach of your authority. Without making a fool of yourself by attempting to appeal to a younger crowd that you cannot really understand, try to alter your style somewhat with the passing years. In the arts, this has been the secret to [[success]] of people like Pablo Picasso, or Alfred Hitchcock, or Coco Chanel.

> Daily Law: Flexibility and adaptability gives you a touch of the divine and immortal—your spirit remains alive and open, and your authority is renewed.
> 
> _The Laws of Human Nature_, 15: Make Them Want to Follow You—The Law of Fickleness


# Morning Journal

1. What’s something I’m **grateful** for?
	1. 
2. What’s something I’m **excited** about?
	1. 
3. What is a **[[virtue]]** I want to exhibit?
	1. 
4. What’s something I’m **avoiding**?
	1. 
5. What’s the one thing I **need to do**?
	1. 



# Misc

What's your information advantage? In what niche?

Agile Consultant

Digitization 

Teach them what they're missing. 

Why haven't I written content yet? I don't know where to start. I’m worried it's going to take too much time for too little return in dopamine. 

Book titles
Be more specific
Evangelize your message, make it a brand
Two word title, dissonant 

Work: Breadth vs depth
More breadth means more administrative overhead.



# [[Saturn]] Retrograde

You don't need to keep hurting yourself for not being strong enough to bring yourself to bear fully. You're doing the best you can with what you have. No one else in your situation could've even got to this point given your upbringing. 

You don't need to fear the reaper. You've put in an enormous amount of work. It's what enabled you to shift your paradigm. Each day, you liberate more and more stored energy. 

# [[writing]] 


# [[Daily Checklist]]

# [[Twitter]]
