---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-10-23
journal-end-date: 2024-10-23
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [ ] AI
- [ ] Writing
- [ ] Socialization
- [ ] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [ ] Breathwork
- [x] Journal


# Transits

| [[Time]] | Event |
|------|-------|
| 16:19 | [[Moon]] Conjunct [[Mars]] |
| 23:47 | [[Moon]] v/c |
| 00:00 | [[Moon]] in Cancer |



# Journal
Today I had a great workout and then went to Fogo De Chao. It was surprisingly not as great as the last [[time]]. One of the servers seemed to have been offended with me. I found that his disapproval made me feel bad about myself, and I was thinking about how I can make it up to him, and to apologize. I realized that I still have a strong need to people please, however it's far less than it has been in the past. I then went to Stan's Donuts. They barely had any donuts in stock which was a crime. Again, I felt obligated to tip even though there was no reason to tip a person that just did a standard transaction. I tipped 10% but I felt "dirty" because I felt that I was forced to. So then I went to a cookie store called Crumbl and got some cookies. Again they had a section to tip and I chose not to tip this [[time]]. I'm happy that I've reached a tipping point  where I am now aware of my people pleasing, and I'm able to gain control and change it. I also realize that I couldn't be ready to be in a relationship with a new person until I have conquered this affliction. I need to please myself first so that I can be an anchor in a relationship. I ate too much however it was nice to just have a day where I went all out. I also realized that I didn't have any [[anxiety]] today, which means that work elicits massive [[anxiety]]. I was watching the [[Andrew Huberman]] episode on building a future, and they mentioned that emotional reactions are signals that your present needs to change in some way, or they won't go away. I realized while driving that it means that my [[emotions]] for the last 2 years have been torture and I've just been forcing myself through it, so of course this unending [[anxiety]] wouldn't go away either. 

I loved how [[Andrew Huberman]] referred to social media as the latest incarnation of reality tv, where we're all on a persistent show and we vie for screen time. 

# Be an ancestor to your progeny