---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-06-10
journal-end-date: 2024-06-10
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Infect the Group with Productive [[Emotions]]

Infect the group with a sense of resolution that emanates from you. You are not upset by setbacks; you keep advancing and working on problems. You are persistent. The group senses this, and individuals feel embarrassed for becoming hysterical over the slightest shift in fortune. You can try to infect the group with [[confidence]], but be careful that this does not slip into grandiosity. Your [[confidence]] and that of the group mostly stems from a successful track record. Periodically change up routines, surprise the group with something new or challenging. This will wake them up and stir them out of the complacency that can settle into any group that achieves [[success]]. Most important, showing a lack of fear and an overall openness to new ideas will have the most therapeutic effect of all. The members will become less defensive, which encourages them to think more on their own, and not operate as automatons.

> Daily Law: People are naturally more emotional and permeable to the moods of others. Work with human nature and turn this into a positive by infecting the group with the proper set of [[emotions]]. People are more susceptible to the moods and attitudes of the leader than of anyone else.
> 
> _The Laws of Human Nature_, 14: Resist the Downward Pull of the Group—The Law of [[Conformity]]

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: Express gratitude for the [[beauty]] of the natural world.


# [[Tarot]] - [[King of Cups ([[Tarot]])]]

Im hungry to have my inner emotional state reflected back to me. I want resonance. So far, the [[emotions]] I get back are confrontational. 

# [[The Art of [[Focus]] - Official Summary]]

The story of the 20th century, is in large part, a story of competing ideologies living in the wake of the [[death]] of God.

Start trying to solve the creative problems in your life. Stop trying to solve creative problems that don’t exist. Your problems are an automatic filter for value. Turn the solution into a product for others. 

Acquire the skills to solve the problems in your life - an automatic filter. 

Health, [[wealth]], [[relationships]], [[happiness]].

If you can’t turn your interests into income, you don’t have the resources to build businesses.

Everyone has the same big goals of making more money, having more [[sex]], having more energy, and ending their existential angst. 

Your goal is to raise the collective consciousness.

Turning yourself into a business is how you reproduce on a spiritual level. It is how you shape the development of selves across the globe and contribute to humanity. 

Solve problems and create value. 

Summary:
1. Understand and experience the patterns of The Universe
2. Experience the full range of the human experience
3. Align your decisions with the perspective of your ideal [[self]]
4. Pursue a hierarchy of goals and solve the true problems in your life.
5. From an elevated level of mind, use your creative ability to build holistic projects that contribute to humanity
6. Hunt for ideas and build with your own two hands. Make the immaterial, material.

