---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-04-26
journal-end-date: 2024-04-26
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Make Your Accomplishments Seem Effortless

> A line [of poetry] will take us hours maybe; Yet if it does not seem a moment’s thought, Our stitching and unstitching has been naught.
> 
> —“Adam’s Curse,” William Butler Yeats

In _The Book of the Courtier_, published in 1528, Baldassare Castiglione describes the highly elaborate and codified manners of the perfect court citizen. And yet, Castiglione explains, the courtier must execute these gestures with what he calls “sprezzatura,” the capacity to make the difficult seem easy. He urges the courtier to “practice in all things a certain nonchalance which conceals all artistry and makes whatever one says or does seem uncontrived and effortless.” We all admire the achievement of some unusual feat, but if it is accomplished naturally and gracefully, our admiration increases tenfold—“whereas . . . to labor at what one is doing and . . . to make bones over it, shows an extreme lack of [[grace]] and causes everything, whatever its worth, to be discounted.” Much of the idea of sprezzatura came from the world of art. All the great Renaissance artists carefully kept their works under wraps. Only the finished masterpiece could be shown to the public. Michelangelo forbade even popes to view his work in process. A Renaissance artist was always careful to keep his studios shut to patrons and public alike, not out of fear of imitation, but because to see the making of the works would mar the magic of their effect, and their studied atmosphere of ease and natural [[beauty]].

> Daily Law: Your actions must seem natural and executed with ease. When you act, **act as if you could do much more**. Avoid the temptation of revealing how hard you work—it only raises questions.
> 
> _The 48 Laws of Power_, Law 30: Make Your Accomplishments Seem Effortless

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: What’s a documentary or non-fiction book that has expanded your knowledge?

[[Homo Deus]] put into words what has lived in my soul from birth. It laid my soul bare on the printed page. 

It gave me a path forward. I need a direction to pursue my [[Purpose]]. I am unsure what that [[purpose]] should be still. I need a sign to help move me forward but I [[regret]] that I won’t get a direct sign. Perhaps this book is the closest sign I will get. It showed me that artificial intelligence is a path towards [[transhumanism]] which is the path to bring about the new age, the new world, the next step, our evolution. 

# Edward Gibson
https://youtu.be/F3Jd9GI6XqE
[[psycholinguistics]]

Read [[Noam Chomsky]] 
Phrase [[structure]] and movement lead to acquisition problems.
He wanted things to be generalizable, but it later was found not to be. 

Center embedding aka nesting makes it harder to understand a sentence because of the distance created in dependencies. You create space from the start and end of an original sentence. Space is number of words.

Magic Spell phenomenon - you make what you say sound magical (rhyming, intonation) so that the audience understands you are casting a spell. A form which lends gravity.

Thought and Language are not directly connected.

Inner speech is only 2/3 - 4/5 of the population. 

[[LLM]]’s also have trouble with central embedding. 

There is a neural cost that increases with the distance of dependencies of words.

Computer programming languages do not active the language area of the brain however invented languages such as Klingon do activate this brain area.

# WEIRD societies. 
Joseph Henrich

Western, Educated, Industrialized, Rich, and Democratic.

Lead to traits such as:
- individualism
- [[independence]]
- less deference to authority
- more [[guilt]]
- stronger use of intentions in moral judgements
- more concern with personal achievements
- overconfident
- [[self]]-obsessed
- more suicide-prone
- highly analytical in their thinking
- We [[focus]] on individuals and their properties at the expense of [[relationships]] and their backgrounds
- Less willing to help their family and friends at a cost to themselves or strangers
- Irrational decision-making biases (e.g. the endowment effect - we overvalue our own stuff

# Hegemony
the political, economic, and military predominance of one state over other states, either regional or global.

# Mashle

## [[bravery]]

>It’s usually wiser to quit something when you can’t do it, especially if you take an objective look, especially when it comes to knowing your place. 

>It may be useless, it may even be an eyesore, and yet, he faced his fears and held his ground, my friend stood up against someone who’s clearly much more powerful than himself. To look down on him and laugh like it’s worthless, is something I won’t allow.

Build it up, get ready to go, standby, countdown until we fly

## [[Noblesse Oblige]]
Those of high standing have the [[responsibility]] and duty to guide the weak.

To me, that’s a phrase that people who neglect effort use to protect themselves. 

There may be some [[truth]] there, there’s no [[purpose]] in our giving of ourselves for others. 

# [[Purpose]] 
Am I following a [[vision]] or a mirage?

## [[Worry]] over my [[purpose]]
I spend so much cognitive energy worrying about my path, what’s next, that I am drained. I don’t just live life, I am perpetually planning, caught in an infinite recursion.

It is impacting my sleep. It is impacting my present. I am too tired after work to want to do anything other than consume anime and my only productive act is to transcribe my black journal, which although important, is low effort, repetitive, and may not be my highest priority.

Ironically, I can’t even transcribe because I am watching subbed episodes. 

I am consumed by worry and [[Doubt]], and I don’t have anything left. I can’t bring myself to bear. 

Is this [[guilt]] because I’m not trying hard enough? What does trying hard enough mean? It means doing more with my evenings than simply watching anime. But I enjoy watching anime, it let’s me relax and unwind. I am also writing while watching. It is relaxing and it is slightly productive but it isn’t [[deep work]]. 

## I don’t think I can live here for much longer. 
A year is the most I am willing to deal with. I don’t want to invest because I don’t know what my direction is or should be. I don’t know whether I am chasing a [[vision]] or a mirage. I don’t want to stay here. I need to free myself. I need freedom. I will experience resistance if I decide to stay. I don’t think I’ll be able to last longer than a year. 

This just isn’t where I’m meant to be or what I am meant to do. I feel like I am missing something. Some key element that will allow me [[Freedom]]. I can’t think of how a timeline can [[manifest]] my dreams. There is no bridge, no connection.

## Can [[Writing]] be my [[Purpose]]?

**I felt good after writing**. I told myself “Just write one word! You can write a single word!” I don’t think writing can be my [[purpose]]. Every single rule or law or precedent that I am aware of points to the fact that I cannot be a writer as a day job. It needs to be my second priority, my form of [[relaxation]] however it is also work so it’s not true [[relaxation]] for me at the moment. Perhaps by [[relaxation]], what I mean is consumption. I don’t know how I can maintain writing as my primary passion while also finding the time to support the life I want. **I want a life of comfort, I want a life of pleasure, I want a life of fulfillment. I want to be stimulated physically, emotionally, mentally, and even spiritually.** 

So far I have concluded that **I will need a day job that I am also passionate about**, that is a close second to writing. Or maybe vice versa if it’s 51% vs 49%. Regardless, I would need something that comes to me naturally or that I am consistently motivated by so that I will have cognitive energy to be able to motivate myself after I am tired from the work and the gym. I [[love]] the gym and I don’t want to, and will never want to stop working out in some way. I want to be a physical being as well. 

I don’t understand how something that only lasts for 2 hours per day can be my primary [[purpose]] in life. Additionally, **I still have no social life**. At some point soon, I will need to engage in social life which will take up a lot of my free time. That free time is what I would use towards my hobby. 

It is a choice, do I want [[writing]] to be my day job or my hobby? Do I want [[Gen AI]] to be my day job or my hobby? I feel as if there is no choice here. In my current circumstances, writing can’t be a day job and any job in generative AI is too lucrative financially to not prioritize as a day job, regardless of whether it will leave me time for writing. 

I anticipate that there is mutual exclusivity here because there is simply not enough time in the day. I anticipate that if I chose to walk the route of generative AI, I will need to spend all of my time either progressing on that journey or recovery so that I can progress on that journey. There won’t be time for anything else. Part of that is attractive in that it is a giant goal. 

If I had the choice, I would [[love]] to make my day job writing with a bout of intense technical learning and application as a hobby, and then some remaining time leftover for [[relaxation]]. If I needed to make time, I would rather sacrifice learning about generative AI if only because I haven’t progressed too far along that path yet. I know what writing feels like, I am in a state of [[flow]], I am in a state of pretend, I am a kid again, living in the imagined worlds I have been creating for as long as I can remember. I have a message to send to the world, a story to convince the world of, and writing is certainly the better way to achieve that goal. Science can bring about the tools to enable my writing, however if I spend my entire life simply creating the tool, someone else will get to/have to tell my story. If I don’t take this mantle, who will? What if there was nobody else that could tell this story? What if this story was the only way to hit a large enough portion of humanity required to reach critical mass for a certain movement or policy? I can make a difference and I have always wanted to influence the world through thought, seeing a new world, new possibilities. 

But how does someone do that with writing while also having the **material comforts** necessary to create a stimulating [[environment]]. **We are a feedback loop of our biology and our [[environment]]**. This humanist propaganda deemphasizes environmental factors however I imagine that this is a bias of rich people who espouse extreme liberalism. Only people with means or who are blessed are able to state that what’s inside is all that matters. They haven’t felt what it’s like to starve, to be malnourished over a lifetime. 

I didn’t have to remain malnourished, it was learned helplessness, but no one forced me to remain this way. I’ve always had the [[power]] to change my circumstances. Perhaps I have the [[power]] to change even this level of circumstances, **to bypass capitalism itself**.

*Do the rules need to apply to me? It’s okay if the rules don’t apply to me. I don’t need to burden myself just because it isn’t fair to the rest. I don’t need to feel survivor’s [[guilt]]. If I am capable of survival, of rescuing myself, I should take the chance immediately. Why refuse it out of misplaced honor. If we are all one being, then those that remain should be happy that someone was able to get out.* 

*I will not be scared of the [[resentment]] of those left behind. I am entitled to leaving the abyss.* 

