---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-06-15
journal-end-date: 2024-06-15
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## The Art of Presence and Absence

> Absence diminishes minor passions and inflames great ones, as the wind douses a candle and fans a fire.
> 
> —François de La Rochefoucauld

Leaders must know how to balance presence and absence. In general, it is best to lean slightly more in the direction of absence, so that when you do appear before the group, you generate excitement and drama. If done right, in those moments when you are not available, people will be thinking of you. Today people have lost this art. They are far too present and familiar, their every move displayed on social media. That might make you relatable, but it also makes you seem just like everyone else, and it is impossible to project authority with such an ordinary presence. Keep in mind that talking too much is a type of overpresence that grates and reveals weakness. Silence is a form of absence and withdrawal that draws attention; it spells [[self]]-control and [[power]]; when you do talk, it has a greater effect. In a similar fashion, if you commit a mistake, do not overexplain and overapologize. You make it clear you accept [[responsibility]] and are accountable for any failures, and then you move on. Your contrition should be relatively quiet; your subsequent actions will show you have learned the lesson. Avoid appearing defensive and whiny if attacked. You are above that.

> Daily Law: If you are too present and familiar, always available and visible, you seem too banal. You give people no room to idealize you. But if you are too aloof, people cannot identify with you.
> 
> _The Laws of Human Nature_, 15: Make Them Want to Follow You—The Law of Fickleness

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: Share something you’re thankful for about your ability to adapt to change.

# Misc

# God, The Universe, Source

Today was the first day I spontaneously and innately accepted God, the Universe. My thought was a comfort and [[peace]] knowing that my [[fate]] was no longer in question because I am an extension of the Universe, I am a conduit through which God creates, manifests. We’re in this together because the “We” is literally everything, there is no “I” in a vacuum, that's an abstraction, an exercise of the intellect. 

I woke up and my first thought was a joyous: “what are we going to create/manifest today?”

I am God, God is me. I am at least at the point where I know that God and I are One. 

The anxiety of being alone was no longer there for a brief period after waking up. What remains is an echo of a sentiment that will fade as I continue to wake from my slumber. 

# My Dad

Today it hit me that the [[father]] I knew may never return. I won't ever have a chance to communicate with him as his mental faculties may never return. All of my resentment still persists but I find it displaced by a feeling of [[regret]], sorrow, and pity for him. I am thankful that towards the end, we did connect in a way, we did talk about some of the [[pain]] in his life, and I grew to understand him more. The one thing I will likely never be able to talk to him about is [[Gang Crime]]. I'm not sure I would want to though, I don't know what I or he would have gotten out of that exchange. 

# Philosophize this episode 109 The Frankfort School - The enlightenment

Don't turn others into objects of evil because of their stance. Ignorance is not evil. You can learn from them by accepting their humanity. 

Class consciousness 
Bewitched that they are not slaves, indoctrinated to believe that their slavery is necessary evil to produce progress of modernity, the world we [[love]]. 

We only [[love]] knowledge that's useful.

Reason is useful but it's always useful as a means to some end. Reason is ultimately utilitarian, towards the means in its [[environment]]. This can devolve into fascism when the [[environment]] is other human beings.

We're in a post-enlightenment world. God is dead and he remains dead. Ideologies exist in his wake. Ideologies that are too easily appropriated into fascism.

Totalitarianism enforced through technological means, holding the technology. We are totalitarian for the end of hyper technological process. Rapid technological progress requires perpetuating capitalism.

Capitalism is a forced altruism
You give people around you something they like or you starve to [[death]].
We all benefit from that.
We're all just humans engaging in mutual transactions giving each other what we want. 

Weve all been conditioned to look for [[happiness]] in the wrong places so without the constraints of capitalism, society would collapse. 

# EP 110 - The Culture Industry

Why are we alienated once we get what we want. 

Thread of alienation in a perpetual cycle of work and consumption, alienation perpetuated with every turn. 

The world does not feel like your own. 

Consumption leisure cycle. Leisure to relax and be entertained. This cycle lacks reflection. 

The working class craves a product that gives them escapism, freedom, [[liberation]]. This is why fiction and fantasy works. Nietzche’s true world theory, a proxy existence is what mass media feeds people. Mass media feeds proxies of the divine, glimpses into Nietzche's true world. 

We've made idols of our celebrities, gods that walk the [[Earth]] and connect us to the divine. We seek to walk in their paths so that we too can ascend to godhood. If you wear the same jacket as Clooney, you will become like him a little bit. You will be slightly more divine, closer to divinity, their ideal life. The Good Life (sic). 

Most products either directly or indirectly solve this problem of isolation, **alienation** imposed systemically. We seek relief from alienation that society imposed on us, a necessary evil. Money, [[power]], is simply the means to liberate ourselves of alienation, to buy our way, to brute force connection, to carve the channels, irrigation. 

Cultural products enabled with technology of the last century. What happens when art is the product, the means, and money is the end. Mass media (art). Art is a means to an end. Creators are incentivized to create art meant for consumption, to be consumed by the most amount of people, to generate the most amount of money. The end is consumption not art. Art, culture becomes a product. Culture is art pluralized. Physical products are utilitarian based on their form their function their intent their existence in the physical world, they're utility. If arts only utility is to be consumed then it will never change any of its features once the meta has been established. There are no environmental constraints that necessitate novelty. 

Don't forget that life imitates art. We use art, culture to build our own narratives. Junk in, junk out. Conditioned. Because of productization art now also imitates life, it's a cycle. 

The culture industry seeks to turn everyone into the same person so that everyone will buy the products that it produces. It's [[self]] serving. 

People see through this. They know that they're barely scraping by with hobbled together conglomerations of these hollow fictions they've been sold. They know their story is hollow. It's because they consider the alternative come out with can they actually do to change?

Can you turn Art into a commodity, to instantly hijack it and direct its creation towards mass appeal. This isn't what art should be, works of art the [[power]] to give people a different perspective on things without violence, works of art of the [[power]] to change the world. True art is the engine of change, not the sword, it's what's needed the most, more than only sword. 

The Frankfurt School part 4 - Eros
Capitalism criticisms:
We are conditioned to be worker-consumers
Alienated
Money intrinsically connected to political [[power]]. No choice, because we're peasants, no [[power]]. 

Enlightenment means harnessing nature. Nature with the original oppressor. At least the impression that we have manufactured is better, it's on our own terms. 

People are sheep, need a Shepard. Exploitation is necessary so the goal should be to raise the floor so high that those that are exploited would never know the difference. Only a shepherd would know the difference. Exploitation is the cost of technological progress, of harnessing nature, of evolution. 

Freud's libidoe was his interpretation of Eros 

Civilization are a set of constraints designed to restrict default human behavior for the good of civilizational progress. 

Even if I'm in direct opposition to my culture, who I am is defined as an opposition to the culture, there's no room for option C.

Post enlightenment thinking, the natural conclusion of using reason to harness control over nature is the repression of human freedom.

Traditional theory aims to understand and control, critical theory aims to liberate, aims to mitigate the fallout, the byproduct, the aftereffects of this control of nature. These two theories are supposed to work in tandem. 

Example: historically promiscuity did not work at a scale beyond tribal. It must be repressed for the good of society to function. But are the same constraints true today? We should question this, is this social more still relevant? No birth control has made this [[constraint]] irrelevant. Why force [[guilt]] and [[shame]] for those that have these natural urges?

Universal basic income 
We work not out of necessity, we work for what we are told we need, shifting to universal basic income would require that we take our foot off the gas of hyperprogress. 

This manufacturing of false needs is designed to keep people going back to work for 40 hours a week chasing a ghost. 

# business decisions
We need data-driven decisions this is because rationality is easy to manipulate with the rhetoric, because we can mince words, we can mince thought as words informed thought. Sophistry has shown that thoughts are easily manipulatable. Therefore we can only decide with our hearts and we know this deep down. However we've all lost touch with our hearts and therefore we try to approximate our way back through many successive layers of rationalization and through a game of telephone by the time this rationalization reaches the heart and then reaches back to us the message has been completely distorted. As a result we can only make decisions using data from this point forward. [[Empiricism meta]] for the win. Rationalization cannot be depended on until we rejoin the head and the heart as one. 

We've become blinded in the light of reason and must fumble our way back to the womb of the heart the sacred cave of eternal embracing darkness. 

Post enlightenment we distance ourself from nature as we were oppressed by our heart but now we forgotten it. 





# Hermann Ebbinghaus

I want to gather empirical data of my [[meditation]], and then explore other states of consciousness such as deep work, [[flow]] state, etc. 

I want to be a modern day Hermann Ebbinghaus and expose the black box of consciousness.


# on the [[morality]] of money 

Money is morally charged based on class consciousness. 








