---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-09-24
journal-end-date: 2024-09-24
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [x] AI
- [ ] Writing
- [x] Socialization
- [ ] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [x] Breathwork
- [x] Second Brain


# Transits

| Time | Event |
|------|-------|
| 00:00 | Moon in Gemini |
| 17:38 | Moon Conjunct Jupiter |



# Journal

Magic is the shadow of [[religion]].

All of the darkness of the world cannot extinguish a single candle.

This is your problem, it's precisely why you always end up shitting the bed just when it matters the most. It's not enough to just do what's within your [[power]]. You've got to want to do something so badly that you're willing to gain the [[power]] to do it. You need that kind of resolve.

The things I want are too expensive.

I am feeling weak, like I want to give up. I am starting to break down. I feel as if the world is breaking me down. I am starting to feel my ego wear down because I have started to believe that I was wrong in so many  ways. I thought I was being guided however I realize that I've done nothing with my life. I am nothing. I don't have marketable skills, I don't have [[power]], I don't have leverage. I am officially depressed. All I do is survive work and then eat food to pleasure myself to make up for the horrible [[emotions]] I am inundated by from dealing with my work situation. I realized now, that if I don't have a [[career]] that gives me a sense of progression, [[purpose]], and a positive outlook, I will be depressed. Like major [[depression]], not temporarily. I don't have the [[power]] to solve my situation, and worse, the [[depression]] prevents me from fixing my situation if there was a possibility, such as getting a certification. I need a [[career]] that gives me a sense of progression and [[purpose]], however my appetite far exceeds my ability, so I don't have the ability or accolades to land the types of jobs I would be interested in. I am currently a data analyst in name only, because my actual job involves acting as a scrum master for a dead project. My job is essentially dead end. The types of jobs I want are a junior generative [[ai]] engineer, junior data scientist, or a junior [[ai]] product manager. People only hire for senior roles so I don't know what to do. I don't know how long I'll be able to endure because my current work situation is also toxic and drains me. I have a certain amount of emotional [[energy]] that I wake up with, however by the evening, I am in the red, I am in the negative and require stimulation or [[escapism]].

My full name is Amritpal Singh Chana. I go by [[Amrit]]. 2. I desire all of these: mastery, creativity, control, or perhaps the wish to shape the future. [[Power]]. I am the Magician. I want to create using technology and I want to live a life of comfort and luxury while doing it. That means I need money. No one can tell me that I need to change within in order to attain luxury. I can only feel luxury from external things. That is the point. I can only get those external things through a lot of money. I need [[freedom]], agency, autonomy. 3. My tiredness is of the soul. I have hit rock bottom multiple times in my life. Major [[depression]], suicidality at earlier points in my life. I have risen and transcended myself multiple times. My last epiphany, my last moment of satori, was about 3 years ago when I had lost my job the year before, went through major [[depression]], and somehow started to rise up from it. I changed my life around. I had to move back in with my parents, however I rebuilt my life, got a new entry-level job, and here I am 2 years into that job and I feel like I have hit a wall. This job is dead-end, purposeless, I feel purposeless. I no longer just want a paycheck, I want to do something meaningful and earn the amount of money needed to live a life of luxury. Both are not optional, they are mandatory.

What if the tools to shape the [[external world]] come from mastering the internal world first? I've been with myself my whole fucking life. I have done enough inner/shadow work. Every day for 3 years, that's all I've been doing, confronting my shadow. I am exhausted. I don't want to fight anymore. There's nothing to solve anymore. I want to move on to the [[external world]]. I am sick of my internal world. I feel trapped, as if in a prison that is my [[consciousness]]. Trapped in my ego, subconscious, unconscious, memories, regrets and anxieties. Nothing changes. My life is the same dead end small pitiful existence. I wake up, exercise, goto work, come home, eat, do some sort of "productive" thing with my evening however lately I am too depressed and therefore resort more and more to entertainment, and then I sleep. My life is only home (I live with my parents and my [[father]] is dying, so now I am confronted with seeing what [[death]] looks and smells like, and I don't want to be around it. My [[environment]] is the worst. I want stimulation and novelty, and fun, and excitement, and instead every single day is the same monotony) and work (the same deadend job in the same deadend small town that I grew up in). I resent the fact that you and every other [[self]]-help guru tells me that the path forward is found within. I resent it and I curse all of you for telling me that I should be forced to live this life of [[scarcity]] and lack when there are so many others that aren't forced to live this tortured existence. For them, they aren't locked in a constant battle of [[death]] for years on end. I don't understand how I am stuck in this terrible existence while each of their days seems as a paradise to me. 2. You rebuilt yourself once before. What was different then? What has shifted since that [[time]]? The difference this [[time]] is that the wall is external. Up until this point in life, my war was with myself. I recently saw a video on the lifecycle of a butterfly and I realized that that exact cycle is what I am going through. I lived most of my life as a caterpillar. About 20 years ago, I entered my cocoon stage. I have been in a cocoon existence, with drugs and [[escapism]] the entire [[time]], not living life, where I was broken down into goop, mush. 3 years ago, something happened, and I believe that the goop started to reform into a new body, a butterfly, however the difference now is that the inner [[transformation]] is done, however the outer [[transformation]] remains. I am trapped by my cocoon. I lack the strength to break myself out. I frustratingly flex my wings against my prison cell however the walls of this cocoon will not break. My next step is to emerge, but I am prevented. I am stuck in the darkness, the goop life of the cocoon. 3. What do you feel when you look at your current [[self]]? I look at myself incredulously. I have come so far, made so many changes. I am an entirely new person. However my incredulity arises because no matter how much effort I've put in, it feels as if it was all for naught, because my circumstances still haven't changed and it doesn't appear as if they will change any [[time]] soon. I am scared because I lack the endurance to make it for much longer and I [[fear]] that perhaps I may slip back into my [[nihilism]] of the past, the "goop life". 4. What is the block that prevents the Magician in you from fully emerging? The thing I tell myself is opportunity and circumstances. I apply to jobs, I network, I learn new skills, however I see no change, no progress. If anything, it feels like my current work situation has gone backwards. It has turned to a toxic work [[environment]] where my boss hates me and is making my life more difficult at work. I feel like I am out of options and I want to transcend the situation however I don't know how.
# [[The Singularity Is Near]]

