---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-08-31
journal-end-date: 2024-08-31
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [x] AI
- [ ] Entrepreneurship
- [ ] Socialization
- [ ] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [x] Twitter
- [ ] Breathwork
- [x] Second Brain

# Journal

> "Between your regrets after quitting and your current suffering, which can you bear more easily? Try putting them on a scale. So I tried visualizing it deep in my mind. And your scales tilted towards your current suffering? Yes, but Senpai said that even if I'd chosen to quit, he'd have seen me off with a smile. For some reason, those words made things instantly easier to bear."

I'm going to die as someone who lives life on his own terms. You need to fight on [[courage]] alone.


We don't open the springtime flower prematurely to get at the scent and [[beauty]]. It won't be there .

The opposite of [[depression]] is expression.


Asymmetric Life
The "How" is the killer of great dreams. 

Do hard things, do your own thing, do it for decades, and write your dream. 

[[Fear]] disguises itself as being practical, as being helpful, as not me, not now. 

Everything you want is on the other side of worst first.



Timing is skillful rhythm. Cannot ever attain proper timing if you're in a hurry. The future is never going to arrive. If you hurry towards the future you always get punished for it. 

[[Energy]] is delight
[[Energy]] is effort 
[[Energy]] cannot be manifested without [[inertia]] 

When you resist [[fear]], you [[fear]] [[fear]]. This is worry. Worry is an infinitely peeled onion. To attack [[fear]] is to strengthen it, because you feel guilty or inadequate if you fail in defeating it. 

Remember vs dismember. 


