---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-04-02
journal-end-date: 2024-04-02
journal-section: day
---
```calendar-nav
```

# Daily [[Gratitude]]
I am thankful that I can evolve past my parents, specifically my [[father]]. I used to be just like him because…how could I be anything else? But now I know…I can, and am something else. It was like being left out in the rain. 

# Vocabulary: Acerbic
Sharp and forthright (especially referring to style or speech). “His Acerbic wit.”

Tasting sour or bitter. (Archaic, technical)

# [[Stormlight Archive]]
## Kaladin
He took to long to arrive at the decision to [[trust]] Dalinar and speak his [[truth]], that he was Knight Radiant. This led to Amaram being appointed the leader.

I am also afflicted by The Wretch.

Syl loses intelligence based on the state of Kalidan’s heart. 

Kaladin does not believe he is culpable in any way for the way he acts, his spitefulness.
# Novel
[[Intake]]

# Financial Literacy
[[Fate]], [[Relationships]], [[Self-Pity]], [[Wealth]], [[Finance]]
My mom advised me to invest but she doesn’t know what she’s talking about. I got angry at her, in a fashion, but I later realized that she was just trying to help. I told her that it’s frustrating to be led by someone who doesn’t know what they’re talking about. However the words that she used, such as CDs (certificates of deposit), indicated that she had a slight idea of what she was talking about, just not enough to communicate it. Also, what if through [[fate]], her intuition led her to speak to me at this time. Would she need to know what she’s talking about? No. The net effect would be that I have been influenced, and I have, I feel that I have a lot of money in saved up and that I should probably do something with it. I need to treat the world, all of my interactions, as gifts for me, not to me. That is what is meant by the universe happens to me, not for me. The universe also includes my [[relationships]]. I lament that I don’t have many [[relationships]], I lament at the quality of my [[relationships]], but there’s also the matter of signal-to-noise ratio. Perhaps the [[relationships]] I do have are mostly signal? That would mean I need to pay careful attention to every interaction.

# [[Father]]: The (Lucky) Magic Bullet
[[Fate]], [[Identity]], [[Emotional Regulation]], [[Relationships]], [[Compassion]]
## Luck
Speaking with my [[father]], I noticed and called out that he always emphasizes luck. We were talking about my cousin Karan’s [[career]] and he remarked how lucky he was. When he referred to my [[career]], he kept on saying “you’re lucky”, “good luck”, etc. I responded that while we should always acknowledge the element of luck, a balanced approach makes more sense, and to follow the data. The data meaning to follow the actions and events of other successful people. I believe that the data shows that the most successful people in this world are extremely lucky people who also work extremely hard. 

## Effort
One can argue that the capacity to work hard, which may involve [[Emotional Regulation]], [[Identity]]; is enabled by luck, by circumstances out of their control, their [[environment]], their genetic makeup, etc. I choose to take a growth mindset and internalize my locus of control. I know it’s a choice, but it’s a strategic choice.

## Magic solutions
Later, the conversation went to how his new goal is walk without a cane. I said great, that’s an admirable goal however he then stated that he is working on a machine. He is referring to a PEMF machine. I rolled my eyes and told him very directly that I am not interested in hearing about that. I told him that there are no magic solutions. Only hard work pays off. Only effort pays off. He could be on the treadmill trying to build up his muscles but he doesn’t want to work for what he wants. He wants the easy way out. He keeps thinking he will get lucky and that a magic bullet will solve all of his problems. I disdain this point of view but sadly have to admit that I still harbor some of this within myself. I’ve done so much to transition to a growth mindset and a mindset that involves working for what you want out of life. [[Pain]] is gain, bleeding for what you want. But alas, I am his son, and I hate it. I wonder why did I incarnate in this family. I feel that the element in me that wants this magic bullet solution had to have come from him, it is karmic, it is genetic, it is environmental. It is not my soul. It is not who I am. Or so I tell myself. I wonder, if my soul truly is different, then why did I incarnate into this family? I feel (or want to believe) that I don’t belong here, that I’m different on a fundamental level. Am I though? Sometimes I wonder if some small element of my dad still lives within me, will always live within me, because it is me. [[Karma]] suggests that like attracts like, resonance. But I don’t want to resonate with this. I am a man who prizes autonomy, strength, [[power]]. He is none of these things. No one in my nuclear family resembles any of these traits. 

## Karmic retribution
I also fear that there will be karmic retribution for challenging my [[father]]’s preconceptions. Every challenge of growth I levy towards him, I will be met with an equal or greater challenge. It scares me because if I am asking of him, someone who is so low and blind, to catch up to me and my perspective, then who must I catch up to? What will that friction feel like. There is a dissonance that I put him through when I challenge him. I don’t even know if I am doing it to help him like I claim. Yes, it would help him, but honestly, I feel that I am just chastising him instead. This is why I fear retribution. 

## How to navigate with compassion?
If I am not to chastise him, then how do I interact with him? I don’t like him. I don’t like anything he represents. I loathe that I come from him. I don’t understand how a man like that could be my source. It pains me to no end that I have to be my own [[father]], but I was not able to forge my own vessel. With all of this animosity sitting in the depths, how am I to navigate a compassionate interaction? Do I acquiesce compliantly, in appeasement, as to not rock the boat? This I feel is morally wrong. Do I admonish him? This as stated above, may also be wrong. What is the third path? What does compassion mean in this scenario?

