---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-07-13
journal-end-date: 2024-07-13
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [ ] AI
- [ ] Entrepreneurship
- [x] Socialization
- [ ] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [x] Twitter
- [x] Music
- [ ] Second Brain

# Recap

## What did I do well?


## What could I have done better?


# Misc

The [[discomfort]] of [[emotion]] comes from not wanting to feel an [[emotion]], to resistance 

I have this presumption that I haven't been exposed to the life experiences that create capital T [[truth]] and capital g growth I haven't been exposed to the materials that make the good life. Is this actually true? Are my circumstances truly random? What proof do you have that the universe is random? 

There's no point in questioning the level of the game you're playing, because the game you're playing is [[Amrit]]. The game's designer is you. The level is meant to bring about certain experience to raise certain stats so that you can progress to the next level. Just pay attention to the level, pay attention to pushing the boulder, nothing else matters. 



# Healing my Chironic Wound or just my wound

I need to let go of the burden of my [[guilt]] and [[shame]] towards Victoria. She tried so hard to connect with me, and I said no, repeatedly. 

I refused connection. This was due to me asserting that I was superior to her. But I asserted she was not worthy of connection. I instilled within her the deepest sense of unworthiness repeatedly, it eroded her psyche. It was soul murder. I said no because I didn’t want to be bound to her. She was beneath me. But I still needed her at the same time, so this was an illusion for my benefit. This was using a human being. This is a sin. You committed [[soul murder]] in an attempt to use her [[energy]], her [[pain]] and anguish, that generated her desire to compensate through appeasement, feeding me of her [[self]], her soul. She used her very soul as fuel/currency to try and [[power]], to elicit, [[acceptance]]. I used this energy as fuel, narcissistic ([[Narcissism]]) supply, to [[power]] a false [[self]], a construction, a fabrication, something that was ultimately hollow and as such, requires obscene amounts of energy. You committed a mortal sin and now you are burdened with an unbearable [[guilt]] and [[shame]] of having committed murder against the one you loved. 

>She said this already: **we didn’t always like each other, but we loved each other**. This broke my heart reading this. 

The one thing she said, never do this to another person. This is the one way I can redeem myself. To NEVER treat another as a means to an end, but as an end in and of themselves.



# Philosophize this episode 118 - postmodernism 

A cornerstone of Western thought is a stable, persistent [[self]]. 

Belief that there's a stable authentic objective reality out there.

The problem with capital T [[truth]] is that it's the same as capital g god of being enlightenment. Grand narratives create rallying points for tribalism. 

# Philosophize Thus episode 119 - Derrida 

Structuralist and post structuralist linguists 

Belief that there's a stable objective reality and therefore a staple objective meaning to our words.

Synchronic meaning - specific meaning of a word in one place in time. 

Diachronic meaning - meaning across time. 

Semioticians

The [[philosophy]] of presence - we assume that there's an immediacy between a word and its meaning. This is due to phono-centrism, privileging speech over writing. 

[[Logocentrism]] - we pretend that the words we speak a connected to a transcendental signified. It's impossible to use words to represent the full meaning of something.

Meaning doesn't exist until it is introduced by language. You have limited yourself to describing reality, to metaphors between symbols. There's nothing outside of the text, because there's nothing outside of your existence that's outside of the context of language.

Logical positivist. 
Thinkers like Descartes used reason more than their predecessors, but then they also used reason to prove the existence of God. They didn't go far enough. 

Problem isn't reason, people go in with the intention of reasoning, And then go way out of towns with unverifiable speculations, And then dressing it up in the clothing of reason. 

Use logic purely. 

# Philosophize this #120 - logical positivism

Could also be referred to as logical empiricism.

The [[truth]] or value of any claim is in its verifiability. 

The verification principle - If there's no way of telling that a proposition is true, in the proposition has no sense whatsoever. For the sense of a proposition is in its verification….(Quote)

Wittgenstein worked alongside logical positivists 

“The role of [[philosophy]] is to show the fly the way out of the fly bottle.”

Language is the fly bottle. 

Science was slated to replace [[philosophy]]. 

Problems:
Making the claim that benefits of assertions are meaningless is itself in metaphysical claim. 

Verification making a proposition meaningful. 

Hume showed us that scientific laws are not verifiable. Belief that all swans were white, then age of exploratio, Australia shows black swans. 

The role of induction, or scientific reason, is to disprove wrong scientific claims, not make an assertion of a correct claim. 

Analytic versus synthetic propositions. 

It's impossible to produce experience down to raw sense data. 

A priori preposition - all bachelors are unmarried. 
A posteriori proposition - the faucet is on downstairs. We can verify this through observation. 
Are analytic and synthetic propositions truly divorced from each other? Mutually exclusive?

//

This has staggering implications because we know that stories can be MADE UP.

  

The unreliable narrator is a great literary device because it's so relatable.

  

What story do you maintain despite knowing that it may not be true?











