---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-03-15
journal-end-date: 2024-03-15
journal-section: day
---
```calendar-nav
```

# Daily [[Gratitude]]

[[3 Gunas]]

[[Jean-Paul Sartre]]

[[Albert Camus]]

# Sartre vs Camus
#PhilosophizeThis 
Sartre thought killing innocent people for a political end was justifiable, Camus did not.

[[Simone De Beauvoir]]
# Journal
[[Freedom]]
Trying to create a sprint burn down chart in [[power]] bi has been such a frustrating challenge because I am forced to do it myself but I have no idea what to do and it feels like I'm bashing my head against a wall over and over. 

There are positives samskaras. 

I have a core [[memory]] where I used to sell paper guns to neighborhood kids and school mates. I was industrious. I was an entrepreneur. This enthusiasm was snuffed by my teachers at school and by my peers' parents. They were (obviously) trying to protect their children and understood that these guns were just made out of paper, but I really thought I was clever for learning how to make the paper guns from my old cousin Sanju and then deciding that I can make them en masse and sell them. It was a good idea. Once again, I had no adult to help me cognitively reframe what happened so I was scared. I was made to believe that I had done something wrong. That I was deceitful or manipulative. I was not. I was industrious. I was an entrepreneur. I had a flame and it was snuffed. But I am here for myself now. I am here to reframe everything in the light that it should be seen in. I was stifled and no one could help me then, but I'm here for myself now. We will get through this together. We were the best. We're still the best. You have so many gifts. Gifts that were taken from you in one or another. Gifts that were beaten out of you. That you were mocked for. That you didn't understand. But they're your gifts. They can't actually go anywhere, you can only suppress them. Suppressing them is hard work so let's just let go of the [[pain]] that drives that suppression.

[[Mathematics]]

# An old #dream 
A flying dream. I couldn't do something when I got up there, I think I was trying to open my eyes. Then later, I was trying to perform a [[meditation]] technique where I told myself "I am not that". I responded with the question "then what am I?" and I got scared and woke up.

# I can't control anything, I can only be.

# Speaking with my parents
[[Identity]]
My parents, specifically my mom, wanted to talk with me today. Amongst the things we talked about, they both commended me that they have noticed a change in me. I am much calmer now, I am stable, steady, grounded. Not all over the place. The way I described it, was that I was overly-rajasic and that I have now become more sattvic in nature. She agreed but stated that I had less Pitta, using the ayurvedic model. It felt great to have my recent [[self]]-work, my [[transformation]], validated externally. I have changed considerably from the last 2 years. 

# Another old #dream 
I was in the mudroom of my house at Pierce Blvd. A corvid named Shinnivar or Shinnvar, black/blue (raven hued) with blood red eyes entered into the mudroom even as I tried to close the door. I went in to get some food for him and he trashed the mudroom, in the manner that birds do, they make a mess. He specifically ripped up a picture of someone sleeping.


