---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-11-18
journal-end-date: 2024-11-18
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Inner Work
- [ ] AI
- [x] Writing
- [ ] Socialization
- [x] Meditation
- [x] Journal


# Transits

| Time | Event |
|------|-------|
| 02:49 | Moon Enters Cancer |
| 20:07 | Sun Trine Neptune |
| 02:54 | Mercury Opposite Jupiter |



# Journal
Create space for life to breathe by eliminating what should be to make room for what could be. 

Choice gives you ownership over your experience. 

Bring yourself from past regrets and featuring anxieties frees you to live in the present.

Your attention directs your life. 

What you focus on is what you get, but not always in the way you expect. This makes it essential to only desire what you need, because even with the unintended baggage, you will actually get what was highest ROI. 

It's not about giving up on your desires, it's about learning to dance with them lightly, without the strain and stress of constant pursuit.

Need to distinguish between wants and needs. 

Attention attracts and magnifies. Attention becomes a tool of creation, chipping your inner world moment by moment. Attention creates life, imbues with energy, makes real and powerful. Learn to direct rather than allow it to be pulled. Attention is the act of creation. Engage with life as it genuinely is, which allows for genuine connection. Learning to harness attention means to slow down. It's not about control or force, it's about becoming aware of the choice in each moment. What will you choose to nourish with your mental energy? 

Control resists the flow of life which by its nature is uncertain. Letting go is not giving up, Rather it's about substitute rigidity and force for fluidity and responsiveness. Life has its own intelligence, its own rhythm. There's a wisdom in knowing when to act and when to let things be, it's a balance. Forces not about controlling the outcome but rather aligning yourself with the flow of events. Cooperating with fate allows you to meet challenges with a lighter heart, playfully, curiosity, openness. Uncertainty then becomes an invitation to novelty. 

Fear is a natural response to protect us from danger. Arousal, alerts us to risk. In the modern age it manifests as an undercurrent that shapes our decisions, often without our awareness. Keeps us locked in to familiar patterns, because I feel safe even if they aren't fulfilling. We feel safe within the boundaries of the known however this prevents us from learning and growing. The fear of leaving our comfort zone can be sold overwhelming as to stifle our potential. You fear judgment so you can form with expectations that don't align with who you really are, authenticity, fear of standing out or fear of being misunderstood. Fear thrives on avoidance. The more we resist, the more it controls us, it grows stronger, manifesting in subtle ways such as stress, anxiety, and indecision. Fear feeds on the unknown, and when we refuse to face it, it takes root in our minds, covering up a section of reality. We start seeing the world through a lens of potential threats and dangers which only reinforces the cycle of avoidance. Fear, like all emotion has something to teach us, it is not to be avoided, but to be understood. Upon further examination, what you fear isn't as solid or immovable as they seem. Fear is a projection of the mind built on past experiences and imagined scenarios, it rarely reflects the truth of the present moment. When we allow ourselves to feel the fear without immediately reacting, we can start to disarm its hold over us. Facing fear requires courage (awareness, acknowledgement, accepting fear and choosing to move forward anyways, the willingness to step into uncertainty, understanding that fear is a part of the process, but doesn't dictate the outcome, it loses its power when weno longer run from it.) The more we try to control/resist, the more it controls us. When we allow ourselves to feel it, to face it with openness, it often transforms. We realize fear itself was the real barrier, not the situation that we've been avoiding. Fear becomes the opportunity to grow, to expand past ourselves.