---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-05-18
journal-end-date: 2024-05-18
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Look Beneath the Mask

Remember that people are generally trying to present the best possible front to the world. This means concealing their possible antagonistic feelings, their desires for [[power]] or superiority, their attempts at ingratiation, and their insecurities. They will use words to hide their feelings and distract you from the reality, playing on people’s verbal fixation. They will also use certain facial expressions that are easy to put on and that people assume mean friendliness. Your task is to look past the distractions and become aware of those signs that leak out automatically, revealing something of the true [[emotion]] beneath the mask.

> Daily Law: Train yourself to pay no attention to the front that people display.
> 
> _The Laws of Human Nature_, 3: See Through People’s Masks—The Law of Role-Playing

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: Share something you’re thankful for about your ability to learn.


#to-do  Need a method to speech to text Spotify podcasts.




# [[Feel Good Productivity]]

Burnout:
If you wouldn't say yes to something tomorrow you shouldn't say yes to it 2 months from now either. 

Failing with abandon: 
Just because of a small derivation, you use that excuse to abandon your course entirely. 

Just say, begin again.

Energizing distractions. 

Activities when I feel drained vs activities that energize me.

[[Motivation]] 
Relative Autonomy continuum

Extrinsic
Extrinsic - important people will like me.
Interjected - I'll feel guilty
Identified - I truly value the goal this is moving me towards.

Intrinsic
Intrinsic - I [[love]] this process in an end to itself.

Alignment
Eulogy
Odyssey plan
Wheel of life

Design your life exercise (Harvard)
Current path?
Alternative path?
Radical path?

Medium term horizon?

Wheel of Life Exercise
Body
Mind
Soul

Proximal Goals

# [Dr Hollis](https://youtu.be/SyWC8ZFVxGo)
The [[Self]] 
is [[self]]-healing and [[self]]-expression 
You are not what happened to you.
Largely autonomous

Psyche means soul.

The first half of life is a mistake. You spend the entire time acting reflexively. 

The greatest version a child must bear is the unlived life of a parent.

We cannot solve our problems but we cannot outgrew them.

You are not what happened to you, you are what you want expressed through you. 

Shut up, suit up, show up. 

Under [[Saturn]]'s shadow 

I define to live to mean to have my needs met, to make my kids back have ego gratification, to gratify the ego. 

I noticed that it's not so much that I hear [[death]] because I don't think I've ever truly lived yet so there's nothing to I'm just not 

I've never lived because I've never actually agreed to I've never actually said yes to this game, did this character, I've never actually picked up the controller and therefore I can't leave the game 


P I'm not alive or I don't believe I'm alive because I don't believe that's matter so therefore there is no life where there is no choice. Life is freedom. 


# due diligence 

# enjoy the process

You won't start moving ahead until you stop feeling behind. It pulls you behind, like gravity, you [[focus]] on it. Simple as.

# [[Entrepreneurship]]
Sales to fulfillment Continuum 

[[desire]] is about not getting what you want.

> Desire is a contract that you make with yourself to be unhappy until you get what you want. -[[Naval Ravikant]]

Fractal means 80/20.