---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-02-22
journal-end-date: 2024-02-22
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Transits

| Time | Event |
|------|-------|
| 00:37 | Moon void of course |
| 07:40 | Moon Enters Leo |

# Journal

Our Journey was a journey of healing. The healing is complete. Healing fucking hurts! There is so much pain in the world. We can't add more to this any longer. I didn't think things could get any worse, but they did. I happened to chance upon Human Design and after inputting the information, I am told that I am a generator, a slave. Literally the opposite of who I've been trying to become from even before I met Victoria. A master of my own fate, a leader. I am crying. Not only did I lose Victoria, our shared identity, but now I am losing literally all of my identity. Everything I've worked to become. All gone. Every trait I now define myself by is apparently wrong. I tried desperately to convince myself or find support that I am a Manifesting Generator, but no, I do not have a motor connection to my throat center, despite having a defined throat center. This is an insult on the core of my being. Why is life doing this to me. The advice tells me to embrace being a silent worker for the rest of my life. I just can't. I can't. I won't. What do I do? This system speaks to me but I can't digest this answer. Now Everything has been taken away from me. I'm back to who I was as a late teen, early 20's. I'm dead. I'm nothingness. Powerless. To be forgotten.

I did want to be me for so long until today. I no longer want to be me. I am returning back to feeling *cursed*. What was my awakening? I thought I left this all behind. It was just a temporary reprieve. I did what I'm doing today, learning about myself, but being horrified by what I read, desperately looking for a mental gymnastics configuration that will make what I read tell me what I want to hear: that I am okay, that I am amazing. I am waiting for permission to ascend, permission to exist the way I want to exist. My rules, not theirs.

I do not know what to believe. I resonate with the system but not everything it  tells me. I am beginning to accept being a generator as there are historically powerful generators. I do not like t he emphasis on others to bridge me. This means I will always need Victoria.

I'm just going to stick to my own self-concept. I am in a crisis and looking to mysticism for stability, but it backfired. It wasn't flexible enough. There are elements I will incorporate though.

