---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-07-28
journal-end-date: 2024-07-28
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [x] AI
- [x] Entrepreneurship
- [ ] Socialization
- [x] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [x] Twitter
- [x] Breathwork
- [x] Second Brain

# Misc
# [[God]]

# [[LLM]]

# [[Python]]

# [[Twitter]] Response

Roar of the Soul reply:

I get where you're coming from, I mainly want to point out that this distinction you're making is a modern invention of humanism. 

Never before was the individual empowered to derive their own meaning from the Bible.

In fact, cherry picking verses was considered heresy. 

/

I understand where you're coming from.

I suppose my qualm is as follows:

A person really enjoys burgers from McDonald's.

This person praises McDonald's because it's the only place they believe they can get burgers from.

I'm simply saying that McDonald's didn't invent burgers, you can find better burgers elsewhere, and you can make them at home.

# [[Cowardice]]
Today there were two cute girls sitting next to me at the coffee shop. I noticed that the one that I was attracted to was reading Homer's Odyssey. It was the perfect opportunity to strike up a conversation with a girl at a coffee shop. But I cowered. I could not muster up the [[courage]] to break the barrier of isolation. 

Upon reflection, I realize that the reason the cost of breaking the isolation is so high is because of my [[narrative]] of who I am. The cost is so high because it takes so much energy to work against my narrative. If I changed my narrative to a guy that always reaches out to girls around me, a person that has no outcomes for the conversation, a person who only wants to meet people and strike a conversation; the price of [[failure]] is low because there isn't really much to fail at.

If a girl is unreceptive, that's an idiosyncrasy of theirs. They're just unsociable. People are expected to be sociable. They are the ones that have defied social convention, not me. 

The cost of breaking silence is [[inertia]]. The only way to lower this cost is to reduce [[inertia]]. This can be done by always reaching out to anyone and everyone. The cost will be much lower. Get your reps in. The first few reps are going to suck. They will hurt. It will be that way for at least the first 100-200. 

# [[Consultancy]]

# [[Astrology]]

Sun is your [[purpose]] and [[career]] 
Moon is your body, mind, home based matters 
Rising is the character you play in the game of life. Cast as what role in the play. 

# Worthiness

You are worthy. That's it. No reason. There can't be a reason. Any reason at all makes worthiness an oxymoron. 

YOU ARE WORTHY. 

From there, you can start making decisions.