---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-08-29
journal-end-date: 2024-08-29
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [ ] Inner Work
- [x] AI
- [ ] Entrepreneurship
- [x] Socialization
- [ ] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [ ] Twitter
- [x] Breathwork
- [x] Second Brain

# Journal

Today I attended the Brewer's game work outing. I was a lot more social, I spoke with new people, including Pamela Eckhart and Pavi Gupta. I found it interesting that Greg Peterson interrupted our conversation, he must have been listening in. The conversation didn't go as I wanted, I wasn't nearly as eloquent as I had hoped to be, however, I was able to maintain the conversation. It appears as if he wanted to continue talking, but understood that it would be unwise to do so openly. I will definitely reach out to him and set up a one-on-one. I [[fear]] for my [[security]]. Have I made an enemy of Greg? Has Greg always been the enemy?

I'm confused what this could mean for my overall destiny. I feel like any upwards movement in SCJ would confine me to Racine, however, compared to where I currently am, I feel like anything else is preferable to the purgatory I am stuck in now..

When soliciting advice, ask targeted questions, you offload the burden on the advice giver. 

Life is a maze
Filled with cats and cheese, drives motivation. Cats and cheese are ultimately perceptually constructed, not objective feature of reality. The only objective truth is that cat and cheese are inherent to the maze. When you're in hell you believe that you are closer to the cat (scarcity, fear), When you're in heaven you believe that you are closer to the cheese (abundance).

The prophetic perfect tense. 
Something you're so certain will happen in the future, but you refer to it as if it already happened in the past tense. This arises from having a clear vision of the future.

In the absence of evidence why not assume success. Expand your time horizon outside of the 4th dimension meaning across your entire lifetime. In that sense your future is your present. A compelling extrapolated division for the future.

You own everything that happened to you.-Matthew Dicks (Storyworthy)

Don't wait until the last minute. 

[[Storytelling]] 
Mind map your story and weave multiple threads together, visualize it first then write them as cells.

Storytelling 
https://youtu.be/MWP8j2TvdBs

Never interrupt your story with narration.