---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-10-29
journal-end-date: 2024-10-29
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [x] AI
- [x] Writing
- [x] Socialization
- [x] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [x] Breathwork
- [x] Journal


# Transits
| [[Time]] | Event |
|------|-------|
| 23:29 | [[Moon]] Enters [[Libra]] |
| 00:00 | [[Moon]] in Virgo |
| 08:34 | [[Venus]] Square [[Saturn]] |
| 07:30 | [[Mars]] Trine [[Neptune]] |
| 22:54 | [[Moon]] v/c |


# Journal
What if you stopped playing favorites with yourself, accepting only the parts you like while shaming the rest?

It’s [[time]] to embrace your whole [[self]]—even the parts you think are too dark, too weak, too "not enough."

Here’s the thing:
You weren’t put on this [[Earth]] to justify your existence.
You don’t need to hustle for [[approval]], from others or from yourself.
And, most importantly, you’re not broken. There’s nothing to fix.
The goal isn’t to be perfect. 

The goal is to live your life fully, from the solid footing of knowing that you are already enough. 


The "higher heart" or "high heart" chakra, also known as Chakra 4.5, is an [[energy]] center located between the heart and throat chakras, near the thymus gland12. It is associated with living one's personal [[truth]] and aligning with one's [[purpose]], integrating the emotional [[energy]] of the heart with the clarity of the throat1. Activation of this chakra can lead to a deeper connection with one's soul [[power]], [[purpose]], and harmonious relationships2. Techniques for activation include tapping over the thymus area and using rose quartz or essential oils1.


[[Charisma]] - [[authenticity]] and the [[confidence]] to face hard times. Psychoneuroimmunology, people pick up on the strength of your belief.

[[Self]]-[[compassion]] - by practicing [[self]]-[[compassion]], you're creating a neurochemical [[environment]] that's more conducive to learning, [[growth]], and [[resilience]]. 

Good for the people that have good talent and good work ethic because they elevate our thoughts on what's possible. The 4-minute mile.



You can't want someone into wanting you more.

# How to RESIST becoming EMOTIONALLY ATTACHED: get a poker face

[](https://www.youtube.com/@psychacks)

You can't allow your [[emotions]] to change your behavior.

You need to guard your thoughts. It's not a good idea to let your mind wander to things that aren't present in your life. If you do this, you will be where your life is not. You want to be where your life is, because, at the end of the day, that's all you really have. 

Be mindful of where your thoughts are. Are you fantasizing about the next encounter? If you spend increasing [[time]] with the mental  construct of a woman in the privacy of your own [[consciousness]], you are training yourself to fall in [[love]] with  the idea of who she is which is unwise. Be mindful, redirect your [[attention]] to  what's right in front of you.

Don't spend too much [[time]] communicating, don't respond straight away. This is an easy way to allow a woman to dictate the frame.

If you're not willing to [[trust]] this person with your bank account information, you aren't ready to [[trust]] this person with this amount of emotional [[vulnerability]]. Don't share your deepest darkest emotional history. Being robbed is easier to recover from than a toxic relationship. Make decisions with your heart in the same way you would make decisions with your money. You can't "just get over things." If you don't [[trust]] them with your money, you certainly can't [[trust]] them with your heart.

Recap - how to be emotionally invested
Mental obsession
Constant communication
Emotionally vulnerable





