---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-10-24
journal-end-date: 2024-10-24
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [ ] AI
- [ ] Writing
- [x] Socialization
- [ ] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [ ] Breathwork
- [x] Journal


# Transits

| [[Time]] | Event                       |
| -------- | --------------------------- |
| 00:23    | [[Moon]] Enters [[Leo]]     |
| 19:12    | [[Mars]] Sextile [[Uranus]] |



# Journal
Today [[Victoria]] reached out to me and we reconnected. She has made some  progress in her development, which was refreshing. I'm genuinely happy for her. However, I also noticed that while there's progress, it wasn't a radical shift like my trajectory. I realize that I have taken on the cocoon life for a reason: radical transmutation. You can't do that with another person, it causes way too many problems. This means that until I've emerged as a butterfly, I am condemned to this isolated goop existence. The caterpillar is dead, he went into the cocoon to die. But the cocoon still hasn't cracked. I had thought that I was formed but had to break out of my cocoon, however recent events have shown me that I'm actually still goop. Perhaps the goopification is only now intensifying. 

# [[Dream Journal]]
I had multiple dreams however the ones I remember were a sequence with [[Victoria]] where we ended up smoking weed, and I felt that it was wrong, and in my mind, I thought that this was symbolic of her pulling me down. I was confused because in my head, I haven't smoked weed in a long [[time]] and I saw this as a betrayal to myself. At some point, [[Victoria]] was replaced or transitioned into Donnie, same situation where we had smoked in my old room, and I had felt [[guilt]]. Then my [[mother]] had found out somehow and she was [[guilt]] tripping me however I got really angry at this assertion, where she was telling me that I had ruined my life, and that I "was" a [[failure]] now, so I started choking her, not with the intention of killing her, but causing her true [[pain]] and suffering so she would learn her lesson, so within an inch of her life, and I remember telling her angrily that "you can't define who I am, my [[identity]]".
# [[Astrology]]

