---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-03-10
journal-end-date: 2024-03-10
journal-section: day
---
```calendar-nav
```

# Daily [[Gratitude]]

Cognitive dissonance, holding two opposing beliefs and using [[self]]-[[deception]] to manage.

[[Freedom]]

[[Cultures|Cultures]]

## [[Jaswant]]
1. use the world and other people to avoid their problem, comfort, pleasure, to avoid [[pain]]. Using sugar incorrectly.
2. looking at [[self]] is so hard. Learning others' path is easier than Learning yourself.
3. even as a kid, avoided looking within.
4. if someone has wronged me, listen to myself, it was me, not them. How you can avoid getting tangled up.
5. [[trauma]] can cause physical wound. Stress. Attachment will affect physical health. 
6. pity for my [[father]]: darkness of [[pain]]. Reflect this on yourself. 
7. chakras - what you believe in, get your evidence. He doesn't listen to energy and he doesn't listen to chakra. Empiricism. Energy can include gut feeling, hands, and sight and sound. Even when comfortable, calibrate. Mind will deliberately mislead you, eureka moment, because it wants you to double check. 
8. I'm still very rigid on my form of thinking. Rigid can help you, but there's a limit to where it can go. There is a point where you can't go further. Maps are important, but if you don't have a map, you still need to traverse the territory by paying attention to your [[environment]], not keep looking at the map.
9. rigid system will still benefit you for calibration, still need to confirm. Rigid system is like my work situation, big fish in a small pond, [[environment]] not stimulating enough. 
10. Examine your own perception regarding your parents, your beliefs. [[Jaswant]]'s reaction, defensiveness, lawyering, has to do with, examine yourself. You aren't examining certain areas. If someone hurts me, I will remember. I won't turn the other cheek. "God forgive everyone, regardless of their action". If you don't address a wrongdoer, they will keep attacking you. A bad person needs to get their just desserts. 
11. Look on the positive sides. 


