---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-11-04
journal-end-date: 2024-11-04
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [ ] Inner Work
- [ ] AI
- [ ] Writing
- [ ] Socialization
- [ ] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [x] Breathwork
- [ ] Journal


# Transits

| [[Time]] | Event |
|------|-------|
| 11:35 | Sun Trine [[Saturn]] |
| 00:00 | [[Moon]] in [[Sagittarius]] |
| 17:50 | [[Moon]] Conjunct [[Venus]] |



# Journal
Today I found myself in a foul mood. I noticed when I came home that I was drained, I was in pain, I was looking for food to make myself feel better, I feel on the verge of tears, I'm in anxiety, and my temper is short. 

I am looking to escape it at all as soon as possible, with any means necessary. All I can think about is how to block it, numb it.

Sitting with this  pain, I realize it's connected to finding out at work, from Elvie, that my training will be rushed. I feel like I'm being rushed and pushed to learn Formula quickly, like I'm being set up  for [[failure]]. I'm wondering whether this is PTSD or whether it's a response to an allergy, I'm not meant for this transactional, laborious, mindless work. It's the worst, and I fear I won't be able to make it for the full month. I feel an extreme reaction of fear and pain and [[anger]], and resentment. I especially noted a resentment against my mother. While watching an anime, it made me think wistfully that the age range I miss most is 15. I wondered why because  it's great and all, but usually not the most coveted age range. Upon  speaking with ChatGPT, I was triggered by the memory of Gang Crime and I realized that I had my teenage years interrupted by massive [[trauma]], the time when my first attempt  at agency and autonomy was met with crushing enslavement. The part that triggered me the most was the servile monotonous tasks that they forced me to do. I realize now that in attempt to break me, they instead caused me to recoil at doing laborious tasks. I realize now that I've always been forced into menial labor,  and I refuse it. I can't do it and I refuse to do it. Why does the world keep pushing me in this direction. Why do I keep being tested on this. I don't want to pass this test because it's not mine to pass. I do not want to pay my father's sins, his [[karma]]. I'm now stuck with a life in which I'm forced to relive this horror and I want out. Why does freedom for me involve so much [[risk]]?

Today, while speaking to Mihai Voicu, I was underwhelmed, he gave me basic information/advice however he did leave me with a nice metaphor of a mollusk and how their soft innards grow while their shell remains the same size. At some point, the pain of staying in the same shell forces them to leave their hard shell in search of a new home, a new shell. The pain causes  you to take a [[risk]]. Leaving your  hard shell is a [[risk]], however if you don't get eaten by a bird during your search, you get a new shell and you get to grow for a time until you need to find another one. 

Therefore, I have to conclude that this [[trauma]] keeps repeating itself in an attempt to get me to free myself. The universe won't free me though. I can't get a job offer, or some sort of secure transition. No. It must be a jump borne of [[risk]] and [[uncertainty]], where I wander and endure anxiety and darkness. Good luck is for other people. My [[karma]] is one of suffering. People like Lewis Howe and Dr. Joe Dispenza talk about manifesting only what's in your heart, however they don't seem to understand how their circumstances affected their heart. They talk about feeling before experiencing however one can only keep up that charade for a short time. It takes a lot of energy to do so. But I have insane energy (when I feel good). I don't have access to it now, because I feel bad. I just want to believe that I'll be okay. I want a break of some kind, a bridge. That's the  demonstration I require from [[God]]. A demonstration that the Universe cares about me, or even responds to me in some way. Perhaps it's because I don't believe that the Universe could care about an individual, only in the aggregate. But if I chose to believe, maybe then I could receive a demonstration. Not because it's a carrot on a stick being dangled in front of me, but rather because I am actively denying its existence and I have the agency to control my destiny.

# Dialectical Behavior Theory
You're in hell. You're down there in the basement and the house is on fire. The therapist can't go down there with them, because otherwise they both would die. What the therapist can do is lower a ladder, but that ladder is made out of metal, and that ladder is going to get really hot. Every time you touch the ladder in order to get out, it's going to fucking burn, it's going to hurt beyond imagining, it's going to make you want to give up and stop climbing, but the alternative is that you stay in the burning basement. 
