---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-11-09
journal-end-date: 2024-11-09
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [ ] Inner Work
- [ ] AI
- [ ] Writing
- [x] Socialization
- [ ] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [ ] Breathwork
- [ ] Journal


# Transits

| Time | Event |
|------|-------|
| 00:00 | Moon in Aquarius |



# Journal

# Food Journal
400 - cereal + milk | 10g
500 - factor 1 | 40g
350 - Ice Cream | 21g
700 - Banh Mi | 20g
350 - 1/4 lb. Brisket | 25g
2300 | 116




2200 (+300)


# How trauma can paralyze you
Trauma causes a paralysis of initiation because the goal has never been accomplishment, the goal is survival. Reactivity is survival's best strategy. Protect what comes in. Like a goalie. The goal is simply existing, waiting for the next bad thing to happen, and waiting day to day wondering whether you can survive the next storm.  Surviving life instead of living it. Trauma means just live for today, don't think for tomorrow.


# Bani
Move when you have a job. Getting a job is not super-easy. 
You don't need to write your address.
Resume Writer for $150 and LinkedIn. 

Areas
Bay Area and SoCal has a lot of Asians
Freemont 
Sublet a room for a 15 days - 30 days and see

[Sulekha](https://indianroommates.sulekha.com/rentals)
When you don't have prospects lined up

# Ideal Life Prompt

1. Define Your Ideal Life
What does your true ideal life look like, stripped of any expectations or filters? What would truly excite you every day? Picture the people, places, routines, and rhythms that would make you feel alive.


2. Imagine Your Surroundings and Routine
Who would you choose to have around you? What kind of daily routine would inspire you—would it be filled with creativity, travel, building something meaningful, or something entirely different?


3. Clarify Your Actions and Aspirations
What are the activities that bring you fulfillment? Think about what work, hobbies, or projects would give you a sense of purpose. How would you prefer to spend your time each day?


4. Reflect on Your Most Fulfilling Experiences
Look back: What moments in your past have left you feeling most alive, inspired, or purposeful? What were you doing, and what was it about those moments that resonated with you?


5. Map Out Your Personal “Blood Test” for Life
Consider this vision as your guide. Like a blood test reveals what your body needs, this vision highlights the areas of your life to focus on. What actions align with this vision? What advice truly serves your goals?


6. Take Immediate Action Toward Your Purpose
What can you do today, no matter how small, to start living your ideal life? Whether it's creating, helping someone, or starting a new habit, begin living that purpose now—don’t wait for the "perfect" moment.


7. Commit to Fulfillment in the Process
Remind yourself that fulfillment lies in the journey, not a distant milestone. What steps can you take now to find joy in the process?



