---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-05-02
journal-end-date: 2024-05-02
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Take on the Toxic Types

Aggressive, envious, and manipulative people don’t usually announce themselves as such. They have learned to appear charming in initial encounters, to use flattery and other means of disarming us. When they surprise us with their ugly behavior, we feel betrayed, angry, and helpless. They create constant pressure, knowing that in doing so they overwhelm our minds with their presence, making it doubly hard to think straight or strategize. Your greatest defense against them is to identify them in advance. Either you will steer clear of them or, foreseeing their manipulative actions, you will not be blindsided and thus will be better able to maintain your emotional balance. You will learn to mentally cut them down to size and [[focus]] on the glaring weaknesses and insecurities behind all of their bluster. You will not fall for their myth, and this will neutralize the intimidation they depend on. You will scoff at their cover stories and elaborate explanations for their selfish behavior. Your ability to stay calm will infuriate them and often push them into overreaching or making a mistake.

> Daily Law: Come to appreciate these encounters as a chance to hone your skills of [[self]]-mastery_._ Outsmarting just one of these types will give you a great deal of [[confidence]] that you can handle the worst in human nature.
> 
> _The Laws of Human Nature_, Introduction

This makes me sad because in reading this, I see myself described. Do I become more of myself or less of myself?
# Daily [[Gratitude]]: Reflect on a time when you received a thoughtful gesture.

In high school, a girl I sat next to bought me a gift of chocolate covered coffee beans. I thought nothing of it at the time however it was one of my favorite treats. It was thoughtful and it made me so happy that someone knew me enough to treat me that way. Looking back at this [[memory]], this girl clearly was romantically interested in me and I was oblivious. I feel bad now however I do recall she ended up getting much more attractive around college-age so she got what she wanted out of life I’m sure. 

This walk through [[memory]] lane made me realize that I peaked in high school, or rather, during high school because I didn’t even graduate, it was just 2-3 years of bliss, being lost in [[narcissist]]ic revelry. I deluded myself into blocking out the entire population, and only fixated on my social circle. Within that circle, I believed I was considered popular, admired, I felt like I was an alpha. This was likely a delusion however people were amiable enough to prevent any disillusionment. Until my source of [[validation]] crumbled, my girlfriend broke up with me. Over night, my delusion vanished. My social standing was reliant on “having a girlfriend”. Without it, I believed I was a nobody, and faced with starting from scratch, I gave up and dropped out of high school, off the planet, into a severe [[depression]]. The worst [[depression]] of my life.

I’m glad I remembered this [[pain]] because it makes me realize that I needed to go through intense [[pain]], intense loss, to disillusion myself of my [[narcissism]]. I am now able to appreciate others in my life. People are no longer a means to an end. I am no longer a means to an end. 

# Morning Pages

Today I woke up early, about 45 mins before my alarm. I used the time to meditate. My mind immediately drifted to my root chakra. I feel that [[security]] is a key [[emotion]] at this time, there must be many blockages. I replayed my ordeal with the bumble bee yesterday. My [[timidity]], my cowardice, shamed me. Even when I had all of the answers logically. Despite knowing things would be okay to an ‘acceptable’ probability, I learned that only 100% certainty is acceptable. Unfortunately, the real world rarely allows for a complete absence of [[risk]]. I was ashamed of my cowardice. I then decided to do some [[shadow-work]]. I unpacked my sexual [[anxiety]] as well as my cowardice. Using the [[shadow-work]] framework I learned yesterday, identify/acknowledge, understand, accept, integrate, I uncovered that there was a lot of [[shame]] at the root of my maladaptations, however, as I now know, these are a part of me, not only can’t they ever go anywhere, they shouldn’t ever go anywhere. I do not want to abandon these splinters of my [[power]]. I want to integrate them and regain my orphaned selves. 

My sexual anxiety was rooted in pushback I experienced expressing my [[sexuality]] when I was unusually young. I was punished for having these heretical, evil, rebellious, demonic urges. I was made to feel like a demon for my sexual aggression. I had too much energy at too young of an age, without any guidance. I never had a chance. Additionally, I realized that in some cases, because I didn’t understand what was going on, I felt [[guilt]], [[shame]], and fear at my own aggression. The fear it caused in my prey. I was seen as a predator. I was a predator. I accept these parts of myself (gleefully) and by integrating this predatory energy within me, I am now old, wise, and experienced enough to temper and channel these energies.

# [[Shadow-work]]

## Expressing my [[sexuality]]

Acknowledge

Understand 

Accept

Integrate

## [[Fear]] of [[Abandonment]]

Acknowledge 
	I am too scared to stand up for myself, or for others. I am too scared to show up for myself and this leads to placating or [[self]]-deprecating behavior. I abandon myself.

Understand 
	I have core memories where as a child, I was lonely and desperate for friends. I was the only which meant I was alienated. In an attempt to solve the isolation, I became desperate for connection. This desperation led to me censoring or limiting myself in order to placate others. In order to get them to like me, [[love]] me, accept me. I would appease others, follow their narrative of me, the “weird kid” because if I accepted their narrative, at least I would be included in their social group.
	I have second core [[memory]] that evokes a deep [[shame]]. I was a child and I was with my little brother and a group of kids that were not friends, but acquaintances from the park program my parents always abandoned me to. I had always picked on my brother while growing up and because of the proximity in our ages, we had your standard sibling rivalry. There was this one day, towards the evening when most people had gone home, we were playing and events turned to a point where everyone started ganging up on my brother and knocked him to the ground and started kicking him. Even though I didn’t like him, he was my rival, I knew deep down that this situation was wrong, that I should do something about it. Our eyes met and I either looked on, contributed in the kicking, or looked away, I don’t remember, but when our eyes met, the message was clear: “I am abandoning you”. I can never know for sure what he thought in those moments but I am sure he felt betrayal. He was my younger brother, I was supposed to protect him, and I abandoned him. I knew this. I may have rationalized it at the time, but in reality, I was stunned and didn’t know what to do about a situation that escalated too quickly. I was unprepared to deal with it and in the heat of the moment, I was scared, I was a coward. I may have feared also getting beat up, but I suspect an even worse [[motivation]], I wanted to ingratiate myself to this group of potential friends and I offered my brother as collateral in exchange for some shreds of [[acceptance]], [[validation]], approval. I abandoned my duty, I abandoned my brother whom despite our differences, I loved. He was also my best friend by definition because of proximity. I abandoned myself. My fear of being rejected, disapproved of, of being alone, was greater than my duty, [[self]]–worth, [[self]]-respect, my oath, my [[purpose]], my dharma, my heart, my soul. I gave up a piece of myself that day. Even worse, the outcome of that ordeal was meaningless. It’s not like I was initiated into some great friend group. It was a fleeting moment for those kids, but for my brother and I, it lasted much longer. I can’t speak for my brother but I know for myself, this is a scar that will last a lifetime.
	At the root of this [[self]]-deprecating behavior is a fear of being alone, of being abandoned, social ostracization. [[Evolutionary psychology]] suggests that this is tied to the fear of [[death]]. Asa result, I abandon myself in an attempt to exchange what is abandoned for fleeting [[acceptance]]. If my payment is even accepted, which often there is no buyer, the exchange is for rental of approval, a temporary purchase. However my sacrifice is not temporary, I am permanently amputating a piece of myself. Due to the temporary nature of the exchange, I must keep sacrificing more and more of myself to maintain the illusion that I have attained something I wasn’t meant to have in the first place. Worse, when I inevitably run out of currency from myself, when my currency is no longer accepted, I must rob and steal from others, I must use others close to me as sacrifice, as collateral in exchange for my “fix”. Logically, this dynamic does not make any sense, it is the [[addiction]] dynamic. It will never be satisfied, it will always result in a state of flux, of [[scarcity]], of lack because the void will always remain, it is simply being plugged up temporarily. 

Accept
	My [[fear]] of [[abandonment]] is a wound that may never heal. I adapted in the only way I knew how. I am in a state of constant hemorrhaging and of course the first thing a child would think to do is plug the hole with anything available. Anyone in this position would have reacted in the same way. I accept that I want to be included, that I want to be accepted, that I want [[validation]], I want approval. I want my [[environment]] to reflect what I suspect about myself. I accept that I may always be bargaining from a lower position than I deserve, than is fair. I accept my fear of being abandoned as a worthy and human fear. One that I had no part in creating, that it was created for me however it is mine to bear. If it is somehow healed, I will always carry the scar with me. I accept that I was and am a coward. That I learned to abandoned myself and this habit has been reinforced over a lifetime. [[Cowardice]] is a survival tactic and I wanted to survive, and I have survived, I’m here typing this. My [[self]]-deprecation, my appeasement, my cowardice were adaptive in the scenarios that birthed them, and even today, they are adaptive to a degree. They may not be the best strategies but they are valid, tried and true defensive mechanisms in order to protect myself from danger. I respect that I was only protecting myself. 
	
Integrate
	My suspicion that I am intrinsically worthy can be transitioned into a [[determination]], an assertion, a decree, an edict (typically issued by a person in a position of sovereign [[power]], such as a monarch or ruler, and it is often used to command some action or rule to be followed. It carries the weight of the authority of the person issuing it.), a mandate (an official order or command that has been given the force of law by an authoritative body, such as a government or court. It carries the weight of the law behind it). 
	This is a matter of strength of narration. This in turn comes down to the skill of the narrator, the storyteller, and of the story being told. This comes down to the Taste of the writer. 
	My need to belong, to be accepted, to be validated is human and therefore most of the integration arises from simply accepting its existence. However, cowardice was a strategy that made sense for a child who was scared and alone, who was too weak to defend himself and those around him. That child is a man now. That man understands the worth of his soul, of his dignity, of his [[pride]], of his honor. That man will never exchange something of infinite value for anything finite ever again. Kantian [[morality]] states that one should never treat a human being as means to an end. A human being is an end to themselves. I am a human being as well. I am an end to myself. of infinite value. I cannot trade myself, make myself a means to anything. Means are necessarily finite. It is an impossible exchange to make in the first place, infinite and finite are not interchangeable, they are two different currencies. 
	The above being said, I must acknowledge that I have a need to belong. Even if I validate myself, which I am working towards the infinite source of [[self]]-[[validation]], I still need human connection and a sense of belonging. This is a human biological need. Therefore, I must first accept myself wholly and completely, stand up for myself with complete candor, radical honesty, radical [[authenticity]], and radical [[self]]-[[acceptance]]. If I am to act based, I must also acknowledge the consequences. I will be rejected. It is inevitable, a matter of compatibility. My [[authenticity]], showing up for myself, is a filtering mechanism, an establishment of boundaries. I sacrificed my boundaries for too long in this life. My [[inner child]] cannot handle permanent isolation and a lifetime of constant [[rejection]]. The need for connection is human. No amount of [[willpower]] can change the biological need, it can only function as a temporary stop gap. I promise to pursue finding my tribe. It is the only way to appease my [[inner child]], to meet my needs while still maintaining my [[authenticity]], being true to myself. I can only promise pursuit of my tribe because I don’t control other human beings and I don’t control the universe, but what I can promise is to prioritize connection with others. To find that sense of belonging. 

# [[FOMO]] (fear of missing out)

# what if I'm not special? Can I be okay with that?

## What if I'm just like everyone else?

# Models
[[Mark Manson]]

Go for polarization.

Communication

Conversations
Make statements, not questions
Cold reading - make predictions to the questions you’d like to ask.
Use jump-off points in their response to cascade into your own conversation.

Storytelling
Set the story up first

Have a clear ending

Humor
Subvert expectation
Word play humor is rare, but creates polarized reactions.
Teasing is easy and effective but may not work on 1/3 of women.

# People are judgmental
-From Male Fashion Advice Substack
**I know that I am being judged, but I [[trust]] that if I am true to myself, then the judgment will be positive from those who are important to me**. If others judge me negatively, so be it; I accept their [[judgement]] and do not let it bother me. The kind of people who would do this are probably not important to me in the first place. _It is truly freeing to dress for yourself, and only for others in the sense that you hope they see who you are._