---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-08-11
journal-end-date: 2024-08-11
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [x] AI
- [x] Entrepreneurship
- [ ] Socialization
- [ ] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [x] Twitter
- [ ] Breathwork
- [x] Second Brain

# Journal

Playing to:
1. Lose
2. Not lose
3. To simply play
4. To win

Being a victim vs proving yourself through challenge. Proving that you're more than what the world tries to define you as. 

"The only [[failure]] is quitting. Everything else is just gathering information." -Jen Sincero

You can choose what you want to see the good or the bad around you. What you choose to see becomes your reality.

The clutter makes a house lived in.

Who Am I without my audience?

[[self-esteem]]

Belief is not a form of valuation. The reason you don't want to freely give belief in others is that you believe that it's not hard won, earn, and so it is low value. You believe that that means that their belief in  you is also a low value because low standards they have for themselves ([[Groucho Marx Syndrome]]). Because you derive value from someone's belief in you, that means that you are hesitant to freely give it as well. Your value should come from belief in yourself only. Belief in others is a currency that is completely separate, like dollars vs dinars. Or apples and oranges.

Your only teacher is [[pain]] ([[death]]).
# Lust
selfish fulfillment by any means necessary.

# [[Guilt]] and [[Shame]]

When you're violating your diet, and you feel [[guilt]] and [[shame]], you are also eating the feelings of [[guilt]] and [[shame]]. Give yourself [[grace]]. 

You need to learn how to process [[guilt]] and [[shame]].

# [[Self]]-[[trust]]
The reason I don't [[trust]] myself is because I felt lied to betrayed by the  narratives that I created in my head about myself. As a child, through all the praise that I received I believed that I was amazing a [[genius]] the greatest human on [[Earth]]. Then I take a test from the world and they objectively state that I am not smart this is in direct contradiction to what I've been told by my inner [[self]]. I'm abandoned I am punished for this consequence. I realize that I can never [[trust]] this in her voice again it's a fool it doesn't understand anything because it's too busy masturbating over the pleasure of being validated over and over again. In addition to all of the aspects of which it's actually authentic and true. I may have thrown out the baby with the bath water and just chosen abandon myself. What I need to do is start telling the [[truth]] inside. I need to regain [[trust]] within myself from myself. With enough [[trust]] I can battle the world again and this time I'll win because I won't be blinded.

# Technology
The essence of technology is revealing. Revealing the latent nature of the wooden rolling pin within the tree. Things that already do exist and the things that will come into existence. Of bringing the potentiality of the wooden rolling pin latent within the tree. Of bringing the potentiality of the statue latent within the slab of marble.

# [[Victoria]]

# [[Emotion]]s
Are my [[emotions]] always reactionary? [[Fear]]-based? 

My [[emotions]] fight my thoughts, they go in opposite directions, I hesitate.

# Binging
[[addiction]]
I binge because when I was a kid, I was forcibly restricted from eating what I wanted. My parents never gave me what I wanted and even restricted what I could have unnecessarily. Now I feel that I need to spoil myself because it's too rare and I'm finally in control. I have to capitalize.

My binge eating is [[emotion]]al coping for wasting 8-10 hours of my day. I cannot be [[self]]-sufficient without working.

## Food as comfort
I feel that sense gratification is a currency that is my due. If I am told that I must relinquish food, I am being told I must relinquish something I am owed.

# Lucas 1:1 on X

## Networking

To make general friends. Get on calls.

Growth opportunities.

## Goal

[[Financial Freedom]].

## Time

3 hrs on the weekdays
6 hrs on weekends

@itsjonchan
- one of the fastest growing people in our niche.

## Followers
- get a mentor
- how much work is behind building a personal brand

## Pillars
- X Algorithm is "down" because it is pushing political agendas. The consequence is that your post gets no impression. There is limited exposure. It's zero-sum.

## Networking
- You can counter the algorithm using networking.
- Exchange engagements.
### Writing
- My writing is too complicated. Need to dumb it down. It's not just dumb, it's non-native English speakers.
- Most of the people on the personal brand are from third-world countries like India.
- Formulate your sentence to be 5th grade reading level
- [[Focus]] on storytelling: you give lessons, but you don't give personal stories. They share their personality. Stories about their life. Share their journey on X. They show their results. Humanize yourself. Change from "you should" to "I did and it gained me this benefit". This way, people can connect, relate, and engage. You are more like a person. X personal brand is the complete opposite of IG pretending. X is best when you show your [[vulnerability]]. Most people on X don't have $, they have nothing to relate to. People can relate to [[pain]], to loss. They need to think that you're a nice guy. You can show your real personality.
- Format: non-optimal [[structure]]. Too long. Harder to read. Use more white-space. Make it easier to read through. Short and tight with personality behind it. They're all using system 1. There is no system 2.
- Profile pic is clean.
- Banner: it doesn't really get a strong message across. Examine effective banners 1k-5k. The banners are billboards.
- Personality quirks: [[transhumanism]] is a personality quirks. Integrate it, but don't make it the foundation of your brand. What they have directly benefits people building their brand. You are advertising to X people. Directly benefits other people on X with their own personal brands. Who are you communicating to? X is a bubble, and It's a pyramid. If you want to make money in this, you are writing only to people on your level or beneath you. Analyze the market.
- You can get 100 followers realistically. Explosive growth leverages momentum. People [[love]] seeing others win. Then educate how they won. This advertises winner status. It's a flywheel.
- Selling coaching is not too hard, but you have to get the results. Then create a system how to get the results in the same way or faster. Most of the money is made through coaching. It's a pyramid scheme.
- Mentor in Jaykobb, did a lot of research prior to meeting Jaykobb.


# Keychron

 Hex for color: 1fff4e

# [[Julien Blanc]]

# [[Heidi Priebe]]
