---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-08-08
journal-end-date: 2024-08-08
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [ ] AI
- [ ] Entrepreneurship
- [x] Socialization
- [x] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [x] Twitter
- [x] Breathwork
- [ ] Second Brain

# Journal

I divided person is always anxious [[anxiety]].

IFS parts theory, the [[Self]] watches each part with compassion. 

To be forward your [[vision]] is at your skin versus 6 in back. 

When you get lost in the Gale Force wins of [[emotion]], look to suffering as the signal to regain come out reacquaint with the [[Self]].

Not inner parenting, it's inner humaning. Being the [[Self]]. Compassionate Witness. Oath of the Bodhisattva. 

[[Pain]]
Let stay [[meditation]].
1. Suffer.
2. Compassionate attention to the suffering with no resistance. Pay attention to suffering.
3. Follow the compassion that is naturally being directed to the suffering to it's source, that is your Center, your [[Self]]. You found the [[Self]]. Follow compassion to its origin.

The [[self]] loves experience and it's not afraid to suffer.

If Kant states that due to perception we can never know the [[truth]], then we need to ask ourselves what sounds like true to the body? The body hates to lie. 

Follow what makes your body relax And is logically sound. Everything that makes you suffer turns out to have flaws in the logic. What feels deeply true to the body and is logically sound?

Buddha: You know the ocean because it always tastes of salt. Similarly, you will know enlightenment in all of its forms because it tastes of freedom. 

Whatever sets you free is the [[truth]]. 

Instead of the baconian method of only believe something when it's proven true, can't prove anything. 

Don't believe in anything, accept all as true, but don't need to believe in it until it's proven true. But willing to take what's useful to me, to my body, right now. 

MCAS - Mass cell activation syndrome.
immune system overactive, tied to [[emotion]]. Symptoms subside when you're true to yourself.

Energy is not mysterious at all.
Magnetoreception
Neurons are electricity and chemical exchange. That happens locally and it happens at a distance. 
Our technology is electronic circuits that communicate at a distance. We are the same.
Forward thinking neuroscientists are starting to test groups of people and distance. 

Sometimes, silence is the greatest [[truth]] you can tell. Especially if it'll hurt the one who hears it That is untrue on a greater level than facticity.

When you blame, you give away your [[power]].

[[Game theory]] - Nash equilibrium

[[Emotions]] metaphor. Sit with [[emotions]] to allow them to transmute. Similar to letting water evaporate. [[Emotions]] will evaporate into thoughts.

Water cycle. Evaporation, cloud formation, rain.

Use elements and nature as models for the human experience.

[[RLHF]], the human feedback section will require an algorithm that acts as God, a source of truthiness, an algorithm that assigns correctness, win con for multivariate systems. 

Spider [[love]], consumptive [[love]].

When entering [[relationships]] look for where you'd have to sacrifice integrity. It will be at the start almost as a prerequisite for the relationship to start. 

To pull back 6 in away from your own eyes. 

Coaching is for holistic overview, your [[purpose]]. 

"The way we do anything is the way we do everything."

I can't feed you that anymore. 

It is not empathy to feel the exact same thing ([[pain]]) that they are feeling.

Empathy
1. I am not you, separateness. It's not my turn. [[Self]]-other awareness.
2. [[Emotion]] regulation.

Troubled? Then stay with me, for I am not. -Hafiz

Extinction burst  , pigeon with pellets that ran out, You need to stay within your integrity until the birth is over. 

Your brand is a modern shaman. A cultural caretaker. You heal. 

Reification - to make a thing out of nothing?

"A lot of things I had to learn on my own because I didn't have a family"
- Family teaches you things, guides you, prepares you for the world

