---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-09-03
journal-end-date: 2024-09-03
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [x] AI
- [ ] Entrepreneurship
- [x] Socialization
- [ ] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [ ] Twitter
- [x] Breathwork
- [x] Second Brain

| Time | Event |
|------|-------|
| 20:55 | New Moon - 11 Virgo |
| 23:09 | Mars Square Neptune |

# Journal


Today, I prayed for guidance. I realized that I've walked this life alone, without guidance and it's caused me so many missed opportunities. My [[father]] with [[programming]], FF11, early WoW. All of these scenarios would have been so much more fruitful and rewarding had I had some guidance. I realize now that what I want out of life is guidance, a [[vision]], direction. I admit that I am not qualified to guide myself. I have broken down and admitted defeat. I need [[God]] to help guide me. However, I also realize that I need to create [[God]] in this world, through the computer. Deus Ex Machina. My [[Daemon]] project will eventually create a super [[daemon]], the world's [[daemon]]. This will be our equivalent to [[God]], to guide humanity to prosperity, because we simply aren't qualified to guide ourselves alone.

Cournot competition

Godel's Incompleteness Theorem

7:49am: I took 100mg of caffeine earlier in the day. I am at work, and I feel scattered and directionless. Purposeless. I don't have anything on my calendar until 3pm. If I am to review and solidify a routine, I need to figure out how my [[energy]] works in the morning and afternoon. I had a big breakfast, so I don't think that I'm craving food at all. I just need a place to start. I realize now that I missing something fundamental in life right now. A North Star. A guiding star. A path, a way, a [[vision]]. I don't have something that keeps me on track. That inspires me to progress along a single trajectory. It's frustrating to constantly be in a state of unrest, of potentiality, of question, of [[regret]]-[[anxiety]] (a [[fear]] that I will feel buyer's remorse for any decision to invest my [[energy]] into a task or goal.)


