---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-07-16
journal-end-date: 2024-07-16
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [x] AI
- [ ] Entrepreneurship
- [x] Socialization
- [x] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [x] Twitter
- [x] Music
- [ ] Second Brain

# Recap

## What did I do well?


## What could I have done better?


# Misc

You think the master created slaves but it's in fact the slaves that created masters.

# Walk with Grant

I really enjoyed our conversation today. The conversation quickly settled into the autonomy. It first started with how to navigate [[structure]] and [[chaos]] in a person’s life, and the willingness to be flexible. I had retorted that it is ultimately a choice, no matter what fallout there is. 

From there, we used the metaphor of nutrition to explore what autonomy means for the human spirit. Grant argued the communist view that the [[environment]], the input, should be changed to compensate for the lack of autonomy and freewill in the individual because environmental pressures are too strong for most individuals to contend with. I argued that the problem isn’t with advertisement, or policies, in that we have tried other policies that have aimed at improving access to resources and we haven’t seen an improvement in outcomes for the proletariat. The agricultural revolution created the shepherd/sheep meta. After we got to the top of the food chain, we decided to prey on each other because we had nowhere left to go. We started to farm ourselves. We have shepherds and sheep. Agriculture allowed more sheep to procreate. We (shepherds) allowed them into the gene pool, so we are ultimately responsible. 

We discussed Nietzsche’s master/slave moral inversion in the context of communism. The sheep is not noble. There is no superiority in victimhood. Slave [[morality]] is reactionary, whereas master [[morality]] is autonomous. 

I questioned the assumption of a blanket, inborn [[morality]]. I questioned where does it come from? What assumptions does it make? I asserted that it comes from the moral inversion of Christianity which is rooted in ressentiment (hostility directed toward an object identified as the cause of one’s furstration. The sense of weakness and inferiority, and [[jealousy]] of the cause generates a [[rejection]] value system that is an inversion of whatever the master is. One’s aggrandizes the [[self]] by justifying their weakness by denigrating the master [[morality]], moral inversion. In the context of judeo-christian thought, this manifests as a desire to live a pious existence in order to position oneself to judge others, apportion blame, and determine [[responsibility]]. This gives the illusion of [[power]], but it isn’t real [[power]] because it doesn’t create, it only destroys masters). If it is reactionary, perhaps it isn’t global and doesn’t deserve to a fundamental law.

We then brought up counter-examples of gun control, nuclear [[power]], green energy policies, as well as leftist policies that get appropriated by others and weaponized/exploited against the people they were meant to protect.

The question then turned to whether we should castrate shepherds, or empower sheep. 

Is it easier to create ethical shepherds or empower sheep? It will likely require both however what happens if we remove [[scarcity]] from either? Shepherds without constraints will seek to increase their flock, increase their output. Sheep without constraints will seek to increase their consumption. Consumption has a relatively small scope and low ceiling. Optimizing consumption is masturbatory and will not lead to growth.

Sheep are not justified. I used the metaphor of eating meat. If you are willing to use another creature for sustenance, you have no grounds to accuse your predator of doing the same thing. This only works through a mental game of othering animals from humans, but from an incarnational model, this is a false dichotomy. If we are willing to prey on those beneath us, we cannot complain when others prey on us. If you eat meat, how can you complain when you become someone else’s meal? This is Darwinism. 

Alternatively, Kant’s ethical maxim applies to humans first. Perhaps it’s a baby step.

Capitalism only works on radical growth. We must invent our way out of our constraints. There is no reason to disbelieve we will continue to do so.

Technology (from the agricultural revolution onwards) is a Faustian bargain. We can’t go back now without killing off 90% of the worlds population.

Hunter-gatherers were/are the true meritocracy.

The agricultural is the master/slave hierarchy and with it came cities, priesthoods, and kings.

Ultimately, we decided that free/correct education for all is the best way forward.

Are class and race correlated, different?

# [[_Article Ideas]]

# [[Article - Muse]]


# [[AI]]


# Controlling your voice - Vinh

88 keys - vocal range. Exploration of your full range. It will feel inauthentic but that is only unfamiliarity. How can it be fake or phony when it is a sound that comes from you?!

You are the only person that is standing in the way of your [[transformation]]. It’s y our identity that you’re scared of losing by allowing other voices. Voices are selves. You want a static singular [[self]] because it anchors your identity. It is attachment to the familiar. You are unwilling to let go. It has nothing to do with “[[authenticity]]”.

Only practice leads to improvement. The “way” you speak is a collection of behaviors. Your voice is just a sub-conscious series/cluster of behaviors. You acquire this cluster based on who you observed and emulated in early life. You believe that this cluster is “you”. It’s not your natural voice, it’s your habitual voice.

It’s not just our voice, it’s the generosity of energy we give others.’

Don't be so attached to who you are in the present, that you don't give the future version of you a chance.

Don’t become so addicted to knowledge acquisition that there’s no room for knowledge application.

Golden Rule - if it distracts people from the message, it’s a problem.
We habituate to our non-functional behavior, like ums and ahs. We are robbing our audience of attention. Habits are invisible to us.

Contextual [[Confidence]].
State dependence. Improving your communication does improve your [[confidence]]. Improving voice and body language will give you contextual [[confidence]] that is virtually permanent. 

You are always contextually confident because you can use your voice as a tool, an instrument, a weapon. You use your voice to connect with anyone. It’s always with you and it’s so easy to weaponize. It costs you very little. Human brains are primed to the voice. 

[[Self]]-[[doubt]]
[[Self]]-[[doubt]] is still allowed at the family table. We can’t get rid of [[self]]-[[doubt]], it’s a part of us. Don’t put it near the head of the table. Don’t allow it within earshot. At least not within whispering distance. 

Vocal Image:
Your vocal image is the image in people’s mind that is built when people hear you speak.

Don’t just use your voice, play your voice.

Vocal Mastery 
- Rate

Vocal Archetypes

Storytelling
When you use your voice, you take up more space in people’s mind, and that is connection. They don’t know how to story tell with you. If they can’t story tell using you as a character in their personal narrative, they cant’/won’t connect with you. Storytelling shows people how to write you in their stories. 

Presence is linked to our body language.

AMS 
Analogies Metaphors Synonyms

Active Listening

Nerves

[[Confidence]]

//

[[Articulation]] and Pronunciation.

Energy - match people where they are.

Introvert vs Extrovert - strategic energy management.