---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-06-17
journal-end-date: 2024-06-17
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## The Seductive Visuals

> The people are always impressed by the superficial appearance of things.
> 
> —Niccolò Machiavelli

When the con artist Yellow Kid Weil created a newsletter touting the phony stocks he was peddling, he called it the “Red Letter Newsletter” and had it printed, at considerable expense, in red ink. The color created a sense of urgency, [[power]], and good fortune. Weil recognized details like these as keys to [[deception]]—as do modern advertisers and mass-marketers. If you use “gold” in the title of anything you are trying to sell, for example, print it in gold. Since the eye predominates, people will respond more to the color than to the word.

> Daily Law: Never neglect the way you arrange things visually. Factors like color have enormous symbolic resonance.
> 
> _The 48 Laws of Power_, Law 37: Create Compelling Spectacles

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: Express gratitude for the diversity of cultures and perspectives in the world.

# misc
## lotus, mud, water
To your [[father]] - would you blame the mud of the lotus for being mud? It produced the lotus and that's all it needed to do to justify itself. 

The mud provides valuable nutrients, it's not pretty but it has a job unnecessary job. A lotus was not bloom in a different [[environment]], different flowers with bloom above ground or above water but a lot is required specifically muddy waters submerged in order to prompt its specific growth. 

Stop hating on your parents, the mud (dad) and the murky water (mom).

Being a lotus is all you need. 

## insanity 
“If something doesn’t work for you, stop beating yourself up. Find a different way to achieve the goal.”

# [[how to win friends and influence people]]

# Advantages of using gen AI for [[self]]-directed learning

1. Interactivity
	1. Active and interactive vs passive learning, bilateral, dialogue, customized explanations
	2. ask questions
	3. clarifications
	4. quizzes and tests generated on the fly
2. Personalization
	1. Personalized learning paths based on your exact needs
	2. GPT adaptive learning - adjusts difficulty and depth to match progress
3. Feedback
	1. Instand and specific feedback to understand mistakes and learn more effectively
	2. Immediate - real-time corrections - instant feedback.
	3. Explanatory feedback - explains reasoning. Allows for first principles thinking
4. Depth and Breadth
	1. Can provide comprehensive coverage of topics all in one place, cohesive, connections beween concepts more apparent
5. Resource Compilation
		1. Summarization for high level - saves time and also highlights key points automatically.
		2. Resource suggestions - creates curated lists of books, articles, videos, and courses. Connects you to what’s out there already.
6. Time Efficiency
	1. Direct access to exactly what you need to know at every stage of learning significantly reduces time wasted on information retrieval.
7. Practical Application
	1. Project Guidance - helps planning and execution of projects (experiments), applying theoretical knowledge to practical scenarios.
	2. Code assistance - debug code. Explain functions. Suggest improvement.
8. Learning reinforcement
	1. spaced repitition - use ChatGPT to help schedule reviews of learned material, employing spaced repition techniques
	2. Concept mapping - create mind maps and concept maps to visualize connetions between different pieces of knowledge.

# [[Twitter Posts]]

