---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-06-24
journal-end-date: 2024-06-24
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Demonic Language

Most people employ symbolic language—their words stand for something real, the feelings, ideas, and beliefs they really have. Or they stand for concrete things in the real world. (The origin of the word _symbolic_ lies in a Greek word meaning “to bring things together”—in this case, a word and something real.) To master the art of indirection, you need to master the opposite: diabolic language. Your words do not stand for anything real; their sound, and the feelings they evoke, are more important than what they are supposed to stand for. (The word _diabolic_ ultimately means to separate, to throw things apart—here, words and reality.) The more you make people [[focus]] on your sweet-sounding language, and on the illusions and fantasies it conjures, the more you diminish their contact with reality. You lead them into the clouds, where it is hard to distinguish [[truth]] from untruth, real from unreal.

> Daily Law: Keep your words vague and ambiguous, so people are never quite sure what you mean. Envelop them in demonic, diabolical language and they will not be able to [[focus]] on your maneuvers, on the possible consequences of your manipulations.
> 
> _The Art of Seduction_: Use the Demonic [[Power]] of Words to Sow Confusion


# Morning Journal

1. What’s something I’m grateful for?
	1. 
2. What’s something I’m excited about?
	1. 
3. What is a [[virtue]] I want to exhibit?
	1. 
4. What’s something I’m avoiding?
	1. 
5. What’s the one thing I need to do?
	1. 



# Misc

Technology is a force multiplier. It is progress. However the constraints it seeks to transcend are necessary in that they provide the right amount of friction to bring about “creativity”. Algorithims that give us exactly what we want will be found to be lacking, to make us feel empty, because we don’t actually know what we want. We need the mystery, the friction, to the randomness and [[chaos]] of the universe to pervert, distort our intentions to bring about an outcome that we actually want. We are children of both light and darkness, order and [[chaos]]. We don’t actually want order. We are fallen.


