---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-05-13
journal-end-date: 2024-05-13
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Recognize Deep Narcissists before You Fall for Them

You can recognize deep [[narcissist]]s by the following behavior patterns: If they are ever insulted or challenged, they have no defense, nothing internal to soothe them or validate their worth. They generally react with great [[rage]], thirsting for [[vengeance]], full of a sense of [[righteousness]]. This is the only way they know how to assuage their insecurities/[[Insecurity]]. In such battles, they will position themselves as the wounded victim, confusing others and even drawing sympathy. They are prickly and oversensitive. Almost everything is taken personally. They can become quite paranoid and have enemies in all directions to point to. You can see an impatient or distant look on their face whenever you talk about something that does not directly involve them in some way. They immediately turn the conversation back to themselves, with some story or anecdote to distract from the [[insecurity]] behind it. They can be prone to vicious bouts of envy if they see others getting the attention they feel they deserve. They frequently display extreme [[self]]-[[confidence]]. This always helps to gain attention, and it neatly covers up their gaping inner emptiness and their fragmented sense of [[self]]. But beware if this [[confidence]] is ever truly put to the test. When it comes to other people in their lives, deep narcissists have an unusual relationship that is hard for us to understand. They tend to see others as extensions of themselves, what is known as [[self]]-objects. People exist as instruments for attention and [[validation]]. Their desire is to control them like they control their own arm or leg. In a relationship, they will slowly make the partner cut off contact with friends—there must be no competition for attention.

> Daily Law: In the end, deep narcissists must have everything revolve around them. The best solution is to get out of their way so as not to get entangled in their never-ending dramas, and you can do so by picking up on the warning signs.
> 
> _The Laws of Human Nature_, 2: Transform [[Self]]-[[Love]] into Empathy—The Law of [[Narcissism]]

# Daily [[Gratitude]]:  Express gratitude for the [[beauty]] of a clear, starry night.

# SCJ BPT Presentation 
Organizational [[Psychology]]
Mindset and behavior 

[[ML]] vs Deep Learning 
Neural networks, feature discovery?

There's a need for data, intelligence [[philosophy]]. What is an [[AI]] philosopher?

Where is the human in this new paradigm?

What does natural language achieve?
	Summarization, compression. It presupposes much. Much is unsaid but implied. Built on existing knowledge base, a shared collective [[memory]]. [[Memory]] stores data.

Opportunity for reducing friction in transition to new [[AI]] world. 

[[Pain]] point: how to make data actionable? How to transition? 
	Need to fix the input first. The input cannot be regulated past a certain point. 

Content management strategies. 

Transition from siloed to centralized data. 

# [[Feel Good Productivity]]

Overcoming [[inertia]] - isolate and perform only the next step.

# SCJ creative problem solving

[[Financial freedom]]
I don't have enough of my time.
Only I can solve this problem.
I have [[financial freedom]] so I can buy my hours back.
I need to make enough money to overcome all financial constraints 
Obstacles? Day job, survival, my age, my skillset, my lack of knowledge, my drive. 

Why don't I travel enough 

I need better sleep quality.

SWOT
Strengths
Weakness 
Opportunities 
Threats

Six hats
Facts
Feelings
Creativity
Positivity 
Analysis
[[Judgement]] 

You know what you do know.
You know what you don't know.
You don't know what you know.
You don't know what you don't know. 
[[AI]] helps with the last 2, especially the 3rd. It gives you the technical framework to fill in the gaps. 

Dreamer, realist, critic
Walt Disney 

You can't use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have.
Maya Angelou 

# [[Entrepreneurship]]

I'm not specialized enough to be competitive.

What am I passionate about?

[[Artha]] - [[finance]]
[[Kama]] - [[Freedom]]
[[Dharma]] - fulfillment

## Business coaching