---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-06-01
journal-end-date: 2024-06-01
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Wear the Appropriate Mask

You cannot succeed at [[deception]] unless you take a somewhat distanced approach to yourself—unless you can be many different people, wearing the mask that the day and the moment require. With such a flexible approach to all appearances, including your own, you lose a lot of the inward heaviness that holds people down. Make your face as malleable as the actor’s, work to conceal your intentions from others, practice luring people into traps.

> Daily Law: Playing with appearances and mastering arts of [[deception]] are among the aesthetic pleasures of life. They are also key components in the acquisition of [[power]].
> 
> _The 48 Laws of Power_, Preface

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: Share something you’re thankful for about your ability to connect with others.


# The ethics of ambiguity
[[Philosophize This!]]
106, 107

Caught in the ambiguity of facticity and [[transcendence]], of subject and object, of actor and [[environment]] 

We are condemned to be free.

to be truly free, we must make everyone around us free.

choice of 
[[Bad faith]] vs [[freedom]] 

The subman chooses nothing from ambiguity. Becomes a sheep.

the serious man. Pure facticity. Your identity, essence gives you permanence to combat ambiguity.

The nihilist is half right. [[Nihilism]].

You can't help but have a [[meaning]] to your life. Meaning is autonomously created in every passing moment. 

The importance of service to others.

The adventurer - Nietzche. Selfish. Does not value the freedom of others. 

True freedom requires the freedom of others. You entered the social contract, standing on the shoulders of others. The ethicsal person can only be free when all others are also free. An ethical person is one who wills their own freedom and also the freedom of others. 

Our [[self]] is derived from [[relationships]]. 

The aesthetic attitude: we can never detach ourselves from history. We can never be an impartial observer. Acknowledge bias instead of pretending you can avoid it. We are history unfolding therefore we are partially responsible.

Oppression (selfish freedom) is the natural enemy of the free that also free others.

Stoicism arose from the [[chaos]] that ensued following the [[death]] of Alexander the great.

# eeg reactive audiobook player
#idea 

Audiobook player that reacts to brain activity by speeding up or slowing down dynamically to match listeners attention. 

# [[The age of the generalist]]


# [[It's actually pretty easy to be disciplined ]]


# Twitter post

[[Freedom]] of [[self]] vs others
Internal freedom from [[trauma]]
Cognitive freedom at the edge of consciousness, the conscious [[self]], the surface awareness
Freedom for others, your environmental input

# Conversation with Caitlin
changing hardware through software (cognitive frontal cortex generalization through code) vs through the [[environment]] (plant, environmental input, hardware).

# [[Dr. K's approach to [[meditation]] ]]

# Inaction vs action

“Inaction breeds [[doubt]] and [[fear]]. action breeds [[confidence]] and [[courage]]. If you want to conquer the negative elements in your life, don’t sit at home and think about it. Go out and get busy!” — [[Dale Carnegie]]

# Caffeine

Today I took caffeine after a break of two weeks to see what baseline feels like. My output is out of control. I am sparkling. As must as I am loathe to admit based on the naturalist bias I come from, caffeine, an exogenous substance, makes me more of who I am. I have so many ideas. I am so productive. I acknowledge that I still have the problem of a lack of direction, however it’s masked by busy-ness. The caffeine break allowed me to experience myself as I am innately. I still have much work to do in harnessing my inner [[self]] but I can safely conclude that harness my outer [[self]] is easier with caffeine as a tool.

I don’t know whether this is a good thing or a bad thing. I don’t know if I can simulate this in some other natural way. 

I hope that this doesn’t interfere with my deep sleep quality. I have managed to get it to over an hour and I don’t want to return back to 30 minutes. 

# Luck

“Everyone wants to be lucky and to be admired, but no one admires a person for their luck.” —[@morganhousel](https://x.com/morganhousel)

# [[My harsh advice for someone who wants to change their life]]

# [[The rise of the value creator]]

. 

