---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-08-15
journal-end-date: 2024-08-15
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [x] AI
- [ ] Entrepreneurship
- [x] Socialization
- [x] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [ ] Twitter
- [x] Breathwork
- [x] Second Brain

# Journal

With Kant and Hume, objectivity called into question. At the same time, religious and government institutions crumble. All that they held were outsourced to the individual psyche. 

The sailor can't see the north but the compass can. 

Nothing human is alien to me. -Terrance

Ang- root means to constrict. [[Anger]] to respond to the constriction. [[Anger]] should be used to fuel resolve to meet oppressor. 

The unlived life, the buried life. Anesthetize [[pain]].

Hamlet being stuck. 

If I move to California, I will lose my financial stability. 

How to find and communicate with the [[daemon]]?

The greatest burden a child must carry is the unlived lives of their parents.

“Today I escaped from anxiety. Or no, I discarded it, because it was within me, in my own perceptions—not outside.” -Marcus Aurelius

I abandoned Victoria. When she finally accepted it, she was able to move on. I don't think I've accepted my [[abandonment]]. I keep asking for compensation. [[Acceptance]] is without compensation. [[Acceptance]] is contingent on nothing. Accepting [[abandonment]] means that we are okay being alone. Without external aid. 

My revulsion to compassion is the result of inheriting my [[father]]'s [[narcissism]]. He believes that only his [[pain]] is worthy of attention, not others.

**Rid yourself of this ASAP.** 

Psychopathology = psyche pathos logos. Knowledge of the soul's suffering. 

### How to Work with [[Sun ([[astrology]])]] Opposite [[Jupiter]]:

- **Set Realistic Goals**: It’s important to temper your [[ambition]] with practicality. Break down big goals into manageable steps and be realistic about what you can achieve in a given timeframe.
- **Balance Personal and Professional Life**: Make sure you’re not sacrificing personal fulfillment for the sake of professional [[success]]. Prioritize time for yourself and your loved ones.
- **Watch for Overcommitment**: Be mindful of overcommitting or making promises you might struggle to keep. It’s okay to say no or to reassess your capacity before taking on new responsibilities.
- **Cultivate Mindful Optimism**: Embrace your optimism and desire for growth, but stay grounded. Consider both the benefits and the challenges of your pursuits before diving in.