---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-06-02
journal-end-date: 2024-06-02
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Use Absence to Increase Respect

> If I am often seen at the theater, people will cease to notice me.
> 
> —Napoleon

Today, in a world inundated with presence through the flood of images, the game of withdrawal is powerful. We rarely know when to withdraw anymore, and nothing seems private, so we are awed by anyone who is able to disappear by choice. In the science of economics, the law of [[scarcity]] gives us this [[truth]]: too much circulation makes the price go down. But by withdrawing something from the market, you create instant value. In seventeenth-century Holland, the upper classes wanted to make the tulip more than just a beautiful flower—they wanted it to be a kind of status symbol. Making the flower scarce, indeed almost impossible to obtain, they sparked what was later called tulipomania. A single flower was now worth more than its weight in gold. Extend the law of [[scarcity]] to your own skills. Make what you are offering the world rare and hard to find, and you instantly increase its value.

> Daily Law: The more you are seen and heard from, the more common you appear. If you are already established in a group, temporary withdrawal from it will make you more talked about, even more admired. You must learn when to leave. Create value through [[scarcity]].
> 
> _The 48 Laws of Power_, Law 16: Use Absence to Increase Respect and Honor

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: Think about a time when you faced a fear and felt empowered.

# [[Complex PTSD - From Surviving to Thriving]]

# [[Mindset by Carol Dweck]]

# Text to Eric Nelson

Hey Eric, 

First of all thanks for inviting me over last night and for the stimulating discussion.

Something has been nagging at me regarding what I said about the marginalized population and whether they are at fault for their circumstances, I did not articulate myself and it likely came off incredibly callous. 

What I meant to say was that it is not their fault, but it is their [[responsibility]] and that victimhood as a [[self]]/externally-imposed identity is always a choice. Despite how I may perceive their circumstances, I do not think it's fair to rob any human being of the agency to make that choice for themselves.

I think the reason I responded in such a polarized manner is because I went through a phase of my life where I fully believed myself to be a marginalized individual and I identified as a victim of circumstance. My journey has moved me far away from that viewpoint however it is clear that some residue still remains.

Thanks for reading that wall of text lol and for being a patient friend. I really appreciate your company.

P.S. tell Viggo I’m really enjoying listening to Andy Shauf!

# How can I talk to the body directly (through code) rather than only in a roundabout way by changing inputs?

Currently, I can only change the inputs to effect change however there must be a way other than genetic engineering to affect change in the body using the mind.

# [[Why Mind Wandering Is Bad For You and How to Stop It]]


# [[The daily routine that changed my life]]


# “The only thing noble about [[victimhood]] is overcoming it.” —Andy Frisella


# Twitter Post

The hand you're dealt in life is just the starting point. Like in a video game, your starting stats matter only for the first few levels. By mid-game, with an optimized build, you've already shattered any semblance balance.

## Tomorrow’s post

It's not about fault but [[responsibility]]. Victimhood, whether [[self]]- or externally-imposed, is always a choice. Everyone deserves the agency to make that choice for themselves.