---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-08-03
journal-end-date: 2024-08-03
journal-section: day
---
 
```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [x] AI
- [ ] Entrepreneurship
- [ ] Socialization
- [ ] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [x] Twitter
- [x] Breathwork
- [x] Second Brain

To use Obsidian with RAG, need to tackle indexing. Combine multiple documents into a single document, then use RAG on that doc. 

Auto weekly, monthly, quarterly recaps using AI.

When am I on caffeine I'm happy, before I take caffeine I'm anxious sad and depressed. Why?

When we have pain, our instinct is avoidance, to pull away. Sit with it. Allow it to transmute into its new form. 

Avoidance delays the process and robs you of fuel. This is metabolism.

**Parsimony**: noun. par·​si·​mo·​ny ˈpär-sə-ˌmō-nē : the quality of being overly sparing with money : miserliness.



!smartmemos/recording-1722710930569.wav

# Coping with Chronic ([[emotion]]al) [[Pain]]

## Summary
The speaker expresses the overwhelming amount of [[pain]] they constantly experience, highlighting the abnormal cycle of ups and downs. They mention how their [[environment]] contributes to feelings of [[scarcity]] and how the absence of something propels them forward like a drawn bow.

## Additional Information
Chronic [[pain]] can have a significant impact on a person's physical and mental well-being, leading to feelings of frustration, isolation, and hopelessness. It is essential for individuals dealing with chronic [[pain]] to seek support from healthcare professionals, explore coping mechanisms, and make lifestyle adjustments to manage their condition effectively.

## Raw Transcript
The sheer volume of [[pain]] that I have, the sheer amount of [[pain]] that I'm constantly dealing with. It's too much. It doesn't sound normal that this is an even cycle of ups and downs. My [[environment]] leads to such [[scarcity]]. The delta, the absence, is creating a need or desire in order to propel me like a drawn bow somewhere, but where?

Transverse vs compressive waves

New words enable new ideas.

# [[EMDR]]: My [[Father]], Being Trapped in a Prison

Today I went hiking at the pike river trail which is a small paved trail. I decided to try [[EMDR]] while walking and I realized that I couldn't access the ceaseless volatile [[emotions]] that I'm constantly bombarded with; no matter how hard I tried, I just couldn't summon up my burning resentment for my [[father]] or even the malaise from being trapped in a prison by [[fate]].

I realized that I am extremely sensitive to my [[environment]], specifically my home [[environment]]. I absorb the emotional milieu like a sponge and internalize it. I come to believe that it is a core part of my identity however I am being repeatedly triggered by [[trauma]].

I must escape this hell or I will be doomed eternally. However, I have moved out before and this time, I can't recreate the hell that I came from. This time I'm not running away, I'm creating my own home. I didn't do that with [[Victoria]] because I didn't accept her.

Writing about this is painful however I realize that I must metabolize my [[pain]] in order to move on.

# [[Thinking Fast and Slow]]

# [[Elon Musk]] [[Neuralink]]

Bit rate per second

Larger vocabulary it's a larger effective bit rate.

Memes are data comprehension

The average BPS for a human is less than one bit per second over the course of a day.

Communication between humans is lossy.

Humans are a source of will and [[purpose]]. Cortex vs limbic system (source of will). Cortex much smarter, but serves limbic, tries to make limbic happy.

Technology is a tertiary compute layer to this system. We're already cyborgs.

[[Death]] is [[philosophy]] information, the loss of [[memory]].

Humans haven't developed that much non-redundant data. A lot of it is redundant like spam.

The hand it's close to half of the engineering in Optimus.

The most common mistake of an engineer is to optimize a thing that shouldn't exist in the first place.

Like primates were looking for food [[sex]] companionship and [[power]], however we complexify this with language.

Human neurosurgery is an Artisanal Craft

# [[Twitter Posts]]

This reminds me of Jung's concept of qualitative time, which emphasizes the meaning of events over their chronological order.

It's about synchronicity: when external events align with internal states, creating symbolic connections beyond causality, revealing a deeper order.

//

The "bad habits" you mentioned exploit the dopaminergic system for a high ROI. Our brains aren't stupid—in their view, we won the lottery! The issue arises because dopamine's [[purpose]] is [[motivation]], not the reward itself. Dopamine is a means to an end, not the end itself.

//

I'm here for it!

People often forget that the cortex, which handles our higher functions, including rationality, serves our limbic brain, our feelings—not the other way around.

A picture is worth a thousand words.

//

I [[love]] this! 
I keep coming back to [[emotions]] as "mental-nutrition".
All food, after it's been ingested needs to be metabolized to be of any use.
Imagine what the body does to food that remains undigested for years!

