---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-05-03
journal-end-date: 2024-05-03
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Judge Them on Their Behavior, Not on Their Words

> Character is destiny.
> 
> —[[Heraclitus]]

You need to train yourself to pay less attention to the words that people say and greater attention to their actions. People will say all kinds of things about their motives and intentions; they are used to dressing things up with words. Their actions, however, say much more about what is going on underneath the surface. If they present a harmless front but have acted aggressively on several occasions, give the knowledge of that aggression much greater weight than the surface they present. In a similar vein, you should take special note of how people respond to stressful situations—often the mask they wear in public falls off in the heat of the moment. When looking for cues to observe, be sensitive to any kind of extreme behavior on their part—for instance, a blustery front, an overly friendly manner, a constant penchant for jokes. You will often notice that they wear this like a mask to hide the opposite. They are blustery because they are inwardly very insecure; they are overly friendly because they are secretly ambitious and aggressive; or they joke to hide a mean-spiritedness. What might seem like small issues—chronically being late, insufficient attention to detail, not returning favors—are signs of something deeper about their character. Nothing is too small to notice.

> Daily Law: What you want is a picture of a person’s character over time. Restrain from the natural tendency to judge right away, and **let the passage of time reveal more and more about who people are**.
> 
> _Mastery_, IV: See People as They Are—Social Intelligence

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: What’s a historical figure who made a positive impact on the world?

[[Marcus Aurelius]] has made a positive impact on the world because he showed that it is possible to be an emperor and a philosopher at the same time.

His journal shows us that it’s possible to be both powerful and authentic, despite your station, despite your upbringing. He shows that we are not entirely beholden to our [[environment]]. I always believe that the [[environment]] is only a negative, constraining influence as a result of [[scarcity]] however Marcus shows that his [[environment]] of [[abundance]] also imposed constraints and needed to be overcome.

# Morning Pages
I am at the epilogue of [[Mark Manson]]’s ‘[[Models]]’ and he summed up the main point of sexual attraction as one having more investment in oneself than they do in others, their [[environment]], the world, the universe. This leads to [[security]] and stability. Before pausing the book, I left off with him saying that one achieves greater investment in the [[self]] through showing [[vulnerability]]. At first, this confused me. However, now that I am writing it out, I can see that by showing [[vulnerability]], you are making the conscious choice, with [[conviction]], to bet on yourself. You are stating that no matter the danger, ‘we will be fine’. The [[inner parent]] shows the [[inner child]] that he is trustworthy, worthy of investment, worthy of faith. Choosing to [[self]]-improve, to walk forward, instead of giving in to [[despair]], is an investment. Choosing [[bravery]] over [[fear]] is an investment. [[Bravery]] is a choice function. It is choosing faith, [[determination]] as emotional [[power]] sources rather than fear and [[despair]].

Today, I want to address another shadow, being fat and ugly. I’ve come to realize that I am mostly happy with myself. However, my main point of contention with my existence is my appearance. It does not portray me correctly. It is an affront to me that I am not perceived as one of [[Terry Pratchett]]’s elves, both terrible and beautiful. I want control over how I’m perceived.

# [[Feel Good Productivity]]
[[Ali Abdaal]]

## play
## play Personalities
1. Collector - collecting
2. **Competitor** - winning
3. Explorer - exploring
4. **Creator** - making things
5. **Storyteller** - active imagination
6. Joker - makes people laugh, mirth
7. **Director** - plan, organize, lead
8. Kinesthete - physical

Leverage your play personality
In childhood, feeling good was the norm, not the exception.

### Curiosity
When people are curious, they’re more likely to remember. 
[[Dopamine]] response when asked a question about something one is curious about.
[[Dopamine]] associated with learning and forming memories.

Harness the [[emotion]] of curiosity.

#### Sidequests
not the main objective, driven by player’s curiosity.
Life is a series of sidequests. Each morning, ask yourself what today’s sidequest is going to be. Adding a sidequest do your day creates space for exploration, curiosity, playfulness.

### Find the fun
[[Dopamine]] is elicted by [[sex]], shopping, and smelling baking goods in the oven. In other words, fun.

**What would this look like if it were fun?**
	Music: Ali used background music brings more playfulness into his work.
	Applications: add a sense of humor, do it with friends, promise yourself a treat at the end.

Enjoy the process, not the outcome
	[[Flow]] state
		Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi first developed theory watching climbers in the Alps as a teenager.
		What if the task is inherently boring?
			Focusing on the process is even more powerful but requires creative thinking to create joy in the process.
			Side-objectives: adding new tasks, side-quests, optional objectives to your main objective can make the entire quest more interesting. Performing actions create physiological states. Adding new actions to a routine will modify the overall physiological state experienced by the end of the routine where you are appraising, calibrating your emotional state.

Lower the Stakes

Rethink your [[failure]]
- We are disproportionately impacted by negative consequences, even arbitrary ones. This leads to fear of [[failure]].
- [[Success]] is about how your frame your [[failure]]. [[Failure]] is inevitable, why add stress into the equation? What does that solve?
- With an experimental mindset, [[failure]] is just gathering data. Failures are simply data points that help you build a better model.

“Don’t be serious, be sincere. In frivolity there is a lightness which can rise. But in seriousness is a gravity that falls, like a stone. And thus the angels fly because they take themselves lightly. So this is true of the Zen people. They take themselves lightly.”
-[[Alan Watts]]

Effort and fun are not mutually exclusive. Playing a game sincerely strikes a middle ground between taking a game seriously, but not too seriously where you rob the game of any fun. 

This relates to journey before destination, about the process, and not the result. 

This allows one to approach each task in the spirit of play. 

Psychologist Albert Bandura - [[self]]-efficacy aka [[confidence]]

Vicarious mastery phenomenon


# [[Shadow-work]]: the ugly
[[Beauty]]
## Acknowledge
>I’ve come to realize that I am mostly happy with myself. However, my main point of contention with my existence is my appearance. It does not portray me correctly. It is an affront to me that I am not perceived as one of Terry Pratchett’s elves, both terrible and beautiful. I want control over how I’m perceived.

I don’t like my appearance. It is one of the only sources of my unhappiness remaining. Of course I have a lot of work ahead of me, but I am okay with those situations. I am ugly. It hurts to admit because I prize [[beauty]] so greatly. I am so critical of anything that is amiss, and that critical eye is triggered every time I see myself in the mirror. It hurts because I know that “pretty privilege” is real, it reduces social friction so greatly, my fatness and ugliness adds so much [[resistance]] to my interactions. I don’t like to be in my skin. I don’t accept it. I don’t accept the man I see in the mirror. What is strange is that unlike a large portion of my life, I now believe that I could like the man in the mirror. I have the potential however I just need to lose this damn weight and fix some fixable issues such as get a hair transplant and continue working out in the gym (which I [[love]] to do both inside and out). I don’t like the way I am but I could like the way I look. The major point of contention is, I have been in a process of “working on it” for almost 2 years now. I keep yo-yo’ing or stalling in my weight loss. It’s as if there is a part of me that does not or cannot reach my goal of looking attractive. I am sabotaging myself.

I [[love]] [[beauty]]. I [[love]] aesthetically pleasing things. I [[love]] harmony. Therefore it makes it so hard to be myself while also loving myself. Loving being in my own skin. Loving the man I see in the mirror.

What makes this worse is that time is ticking, I am now aging and so I [[fear]] I will never know what it feels like to be beautiful. By the time I lose weight and fix everything wrong with me, I may be too old to capitalize on it. Therefore I feel like my progress isn’t happening fast enough. Ironically being impatient has set me back, such as when I dirty-bulked last November and gained 30 lbs., only 10 of which was muscle. 

I feel like I’m so close, but part of me fears that my goal will forever be out of reach.





