---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-07-12
journal-end-date: 2024-07-12
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [x] AI
- [ ] Entrepreneurship
- [ ] Socialization
- [x] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [x] Twitter
- [x] Music
- [x] Second Brain


# Recap

## What did I do well?


## What could I have done better?


# Misc

	A goal without a plan is just a dream.



I feel so lonely, so isolated. I'm isolated because I'm so intelligent that my perspective doesn't have anyone at the mountaintop with me. I spent so much time and energy and desire to climb and climb intellectual heights to prop myself above others due to my Chironic wound in [[Gemini]]. Now I'm left alone with no way to connect to others. Is it a matter of constitution or is it a matter of choice? 

It's both me. I choose half of it. 

The universe is all the same problem, but at different stages. This makes solving problems a lot easier because you can just look around you for the solution. Chances are some other problem is at a different stage of solve And you can translate, transpose.

Knowledge is food 

The fundamental flaw with positivism is that it makes the assumption that the universe is inherently in equilibrium. 

The [[truth]] is that we are condemned to push the boulder uphill not a longer flat plane 
Any system or explanation that does not account for the uphill nature of reality, of entropy is condemned to [[failure]] and will require some sort of compensatory mechanism at the end of the equation. 


# Hidden Brain - Habituation

Habituation frees up resources for future perceptual requirements from the [[environment]].

[[Depression]] leads to lower habituation speed. This is rumination. To make the new stand out the brain habituates the old. Depressed people habituates more slowly. This is perceived as bouncing back much more slowly. They ruminate on the past because the future isn't salient enough.

The effect of a contact switch, a dishabituation bid, a snow globe shake, it's 6 minutes.

Monkeys [[love]] gathering you information, even at the expense of rewards like fruit. 

Rehabituate much faster to joy for the [[self]] such as consumption of dopamine sources versus giving a dopamine source to another, potentially because of the meaning which slows down habituation. 

Learning means that there is change. 

By definition you cannot habituate to change. 

Gaining knowledge is processed in the brain like food water or [[sex]]. 

Pleasure results from intermittent and incomplete satisfaction of desires. 

When you order a slice of cake at the restaurant, eat half a slice, because that's the amount that will give you the maximum amount of pleasure and take the other half home and eat it half an hour later and you'll enjoy the second slice as much as the first compared to eating it all in one go. Or better yet, give the second half to your partner. 

For the bad stuff, you want to swallow it whole. If you slice it, you break habituation to the bad. Habituation in this context allows you to [[power]] through it. [[Power]] through the unpleasant tasks so you don't have to revisit the unpleasantness anew over and over again.

With your pleasant experiences, break them up so you can experience some over and over, maximize pleasure activation. 

Novelty equals threat or opportunity. 

[[Risk]] habituation 
Disaster happens very late in a project lifecycle. Early on people are [[risk]]-averse but then they habituate to [[risk]]. 

People habituate to the moral response of their own lying and start to lie more and more. 

Amygdala is important for emotional arousal. 

People have habituated to misinformation. 

Gradual ramp elicits lots of an emotional reaction, gives more time for habituation. 
# The myth of [[Sisyphus]]

We were made to push boulders. The dopaminergic system was designed for this, not masturbation. 

Our nature is boulder pushing, not observing. Observation is [[detachment]] from the boulder, [[detachment]] from our nature. 

Criticism to bouldering is criticism to ourselves. Bouldering is a fundamental aspect of the universe. Entropy.

Before made for bouldering, as the rest of nature was. However, we were also given free will. We are at odds. The sense of [[freedom]] creates ultimate [[anxiety]]. [[Kierkegaard]] - the dizziness of freedom. God is dead, therefore we must now take his place. 

# Hidden Brain - why you feel empty 

"The world is not a prison house but a kind of spiritual kindergarten where millions of bewildered infants are trying to spell God with the wrong blocks.” –Edwin Arlington Robinson 


Flourishing vs Languishing state between [[depression]] and [[happiness]] 

Society has no (obvious) need for you in the modern world. Your prescribed [[purpose]] is not apparent any longer. 

[[Purpose]] need and belonging come from the societal layer of Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs.

[[Emotions]] are fleeting, ephemeral. Like a windsock.

To become better for people, not better than people. 

Aristotle said to prioritize excellence over [[happiness]]. Excellence is sustainable because excellence is an action.

Caring and support increase telomereas. Protects against stress.

Social connection important. 

The pinball machine was created during the Great [[depression]]. A good game creates a sense of accomplishment. Requires the person develops a skill to accomplish. Puts you at the cause rather than the effect. A good game instills a sense of [[purpose]], what they do matters. 

Learning and developing skill is our form of photosynthesis. 

Nothing in nature exists for itself. The river doesn't feed itself. The tree doesn't eat its own fruit. 

What grows within us we give to others. We can't help but give when we are flourishing. It's contagious. Two supply and demand the soul knows to increase production because demand is so high. And supply is so high, you can afford to give things away. 

Languishing vs Flourishing 

Flourishing is derived from both good and bad experiences.

# My [[anger]] towards Hidden Brain

It's like baby food. But it made me realize, in my effort to climb, I am alone at the mountain top. Looking down, I have no one to share the view with. Looking up, I see the gods, unreachable, their community seems equally out of reach, for as a climber, I'm a product of the land, not the sky. My ultimate 

# List of 10 things I need to change in the next year

1. [[Career]]/Find a new job
2. Transpersonal relationship/find your tribe
3. Find a girlfriend - deep interpersonal relationship
4. Live in a metropolitan area - My surroundings
5. Learn [[ML]]/AI - My intellectual horizon, standing
6. Grow my Twitter following - my intrapersonal standing
7. Ideal physique - my physical standing
8. Learn dating strategy/secure [[sex]] - my interpersonal and intrapersonal standings
9. Secure income - my intrapersonal standing
10. Learn to articulate - my interpersonal standing

## Immediately knock off 3

1. Find a new job
2. Learn [[articulation]]
3. Learn [[ML]]/AI

## 3 Lists Exercise

### To-do List
Things in your control
1. Find your tribe
2. Find girlfriend
3. Learn [[ML]]/AI
4. Grow Twitter Following
5. Ideal Physique
6. Learn dating strategy
7. Learn to articulate

### [[Prayer]] List
Things out of your control
1. [[Career]]
2. Live in a metropolitan area
3. Secure [[Sex]]
4. Secure income
### Miracle List
Things promised to you by God, that you know will eventually get done, even though they seem impossible
1. Find your tribe
2. Find girlfriend
3. [[Career]]
4. Live in a metropolitan area
5. Secure [[sex]]
6. Secure income

# How to master your nervous system 
All [[emotion]] are mobilization responses. Your mind is preparing your body to do something. To act. 

 [[alostatic load]]

Allostatic load refers to the cumulative physiological wear and tear on the body that results from repeated or chronic exposure to stress[1][4]. It represents the biological consequences of adapting to prolonged or repeated stressors over time.


