---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-09-10
journal-end-date: 2024-09-10
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [ ] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [x] AI
- [ ] Entrepreneurship
- [x] Socialization
- [x] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [ ] Twitter
- [ ] Breathwork
- [ ] Second Brain

# Transits
| [[Time]] | Event |
|------|-------|
| 12:25 | [[Moon]] Enters [[Sagittarius]] |
| 12:11 | [[Moon]] v/c |
| 01:49 | [[Mercury]] Enters Virgo |

# Journal

Your contempt for Racine and its conservativeness and its people and its attitude comes from your contempt of your parents and your family. 

I'm watching an anime ([[I Got a Cheat Skill in Another World and Became Unrivaled in The Real World, Too]]) that shows me the life I never had. This leads me to believe that my life's path isn't natural. When I see this possible reality, I am reminded of what was taken away from me (an entitled view to be sure). I am filled with a deep loathing and [[resentment]] for those that had this whereas I was denied. This is the [[emotion]] of envy. This is why researchers like Dr. Paul Conti state that envy is at the root of the world's [[despair]]. Envy has driven my life. When I see those I am envious of, I want to kill them. I have this recurring image of cocking a gun and getting ready to shoot those that have wronged me. They have wronged me by existing. By having what I don't. They didn't necessarily control their circumstances, just as I didn't have control over mine. Yet, I ascribe agency to their situation, and mentally punish them for it. I mourn this future that I never got to have. A rich kid that had all the support from family (a useful [[mother]] and [[father]]), friends, and the world. A beautiful, elite human being. Who got the best tutelage at a school for geniuses. I always believed I was a [[genius]], I've always wanted to be recognized as one, however the tests I took at a young age denied me. I failed. I was told I wasn't a [[genius]]. I was ugly. Poor. Denied all [[love]] that I wanted. I was abandoned and beaten. I had no guidance whatsoever, and the only person I opened up to about these problems  basically told me that I'm not entitled to guidance, that I should have just guided myself and somehow also forgive my parents for not being proper parents. I have been starved, malnourished.  Watching this anime is therapeutic, but I have to keep pausing because I'm wracked by waves of anguish.

I feel as if my whole life, I've been on the other side of this unbreakable wall, behind which lies the life I've always dreamed of, nourishment. The [[emotions]] that I want to experience. Like elation, joy, understanding, [[pride]], vanity, [[success]], fulfillment. [[Power]]. I desperately crave the nourishment of the [[environment]] and scenarios that illicit these responses. I don't understand how I can generate these in my [[self]] with the same timbre. 

The [[resentment]] and envy I am feeling now evokes images of slitting my wrists out of [[despair]]. I either want to kill the object of my envy, or kill myself. I feel the need to change my [[fate]] in some way. In some way I need to change my circumstances. But, what can I do? Both of these actions are futile. I'm powerless. I can't change my own circumstances, and I can't kill every person I'm envious of. Even if for some reason I was capable of killing someone over envy, I could only do it once, perhaps a handful of times, and then I would be caught and executed. Somehow capture isn't the same as ending my life by my hands. I need agency. In the end, I am envious of agency. The agency that those I am envious of possess. The things they have enable them agency over their inner world. 

I'm a stray, looking for a home. To start my new life. 
# [[Emotion]]



