---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-04-23
journal-end-date: 2024-04-23
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Fear the [[Power]] of Infection

Those misfortunates among us who have been brought down by circumstances beyond their control deserve all the help and sympathy we can give them. But there are others who are not born to misfortune or unhappiness, but who draw it upon themselves by their destructive actions and unsettling effect on others. It would be a great thing if we could raise them up, change their patterns, but more often than not it is their patterns that end up getting inside and changing us. You can die from someone else’s misery—emotional states are as infectious as diseases. You may feel you are helping the drowning man, but you are only precipitating your own disaster. Infectors can be recognized by the misfortune they draw on themselves, their turbulent past, their long line of broken [[relationships]], their unstable careers, and the very force of their character, which sweeps you up and makes you lose your reason. Be forewarned by these signs of an infector; learn to see the discontent in their eye. Most important of all, do not take pity. Do not enmesh yourself in trying to help. The infector will remain unchanged, but you will be unhinged.

> Daily Law: People sometimes draw misfortune on themselves; they will also draw it on you. Associate with the happy and fortunate instead.
> 
> _The 48 Laws of Power_, Law 10: Infection—Avoid the Unhappy and Unlucky

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: Write about a time when you felt proud of your [[resilience]].


[[The Mountain is You]] Notes








