---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-03-14
journal-end-date: 2024-03-14
journal-section: day
---
```calendar-nav
```

# Daily [[Gratitude]]

[[Henry David Thoreau]]
# 60 characteristics of complex [[trauma]] - escape into fantasy

[[Success]] is not a giant step in the future [[success]] is a small step now.

[[Dr. K (Alok Kanojia)]]
# Ranking of Kings
I identify with many characters such as , Bojji, King Bosse, Domas, Kage, but most especially Miranjo. She was told from a young age that by making others happy, one can increase their own [[happiness]], but the [[pain]] she endured traumatized her to such an extent that she was never able to make a free choice. Every choice was [[self]]-serving, [[pain]]-[[aversive]], regardless of the [[pain]] it caused others. And it caused others a lot of [[pain]]. She was the villain of the story. I imagine, she could not conceive of helping others because she was so focused on her own [[pain]], how could she have any attention to spare for anyone else when she was in such desperate need of help for the [[pain]] she bore and still carries. She dug herself deeper and deeper in a bid to alleviate that initial [[trauma]]. That's me...

I keep thinking that Ori and I only watched up to a certain episode and I wonder, if I had watched this entire anime then, would it have changed me? As much as I wish it could have, I know that it wouldn't have changed me. The time wasn't right. I am such a different person now and it is pure serendipity that I had the gift of watching the rest of the story now, as the person I am becoming. It hit so much harder, so much more pertinent to who and where I am. It made me think that perhaps I have always been blessed by [[fate]], perhaps everyone is, they just don't realize or listen to the signs. I just didn't feel like finishing the anime before whereas now I had this desire to finish it by myself and I feel changed. I was ready now. I was not ready then. Perhaps time and [[fate]] and [[karma]] mold themselves around us. According to our development. 

Bojji's mother stole his [[confidence]]. His [[father]] stole his [[power]]. Yet his friends (and especially his partner - Kage the demon) gave him everything back, and more. I feel like I've always needed a Kage in my life, someone who believes in me. 

# FF14
Zero: she transitions from pure [[self]]-interest (born of [[pain]]) and the resulting numbness that followed into someone that had a desire to do something for another. Doing something for other people is truly baffling for someone who only knows [[pain]] and survival. For a voidsent, your degree of ravenousness makes you most useful (according to Golbez). Hunger is primarily [[self]]-interested. How would your own hunger drive you to make an altruistic decision for another?

# Attractiveness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vh0hj9ZD9FY

Rule #1: your value to your partner equals the energy you get minus the energy you give.

Rule #2: you know how attractive you are based on what kind of people are giving you fair exchange, they give you about the same as what they take. 

# Misc
[[Integral Theory]]
## "Don't run away with your thoughts."
They likely mean that you should not let your imagination or anxieties get the best of you. Instead, [[focus]] on being present and engaging in meaningful conversations and interactions with potential partners. Overthinking or becoming too preoccupied with negative thoughts can detract from your [[confidence]] and ability to connect with others. By staying grounded and being yourself, you can increase your attractiveness and appeal in the dating scene.




