---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-04-17
journal-end-date: 2024-04-17
journal-section: day
---
```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Stay Above the Fray

> Regard it as more courageous not to become involved in an engagement than to win in battle, and where there is already one interfering fool, take care that there shall not be two.
> 
> —Baltasar Gracián

[[Courage]]

Do not let people drag you into their petty fights and squabbles. At the same time, you cannot completely stand aside, for that would cause needless offense. To play the game properly, you must seem interested in other people’s problems, even sometimes appear to take their side. But while you make outward gestures of support, you must maintain your inner energy and sanity by keeping your [[emotions]] disengaged. No matter how hard people try to pull you in, never let your interest in their affairs and petty squabbles go beyond the surface. Give them gifts, listen with a sympathetic look, even occasionally play the charmer—but inwardly keep both the friendly kings and the perfidious tyrants at arm’s length. By refusing to commit and thus maintaining your autonomy, you retain the initiative: your moves stay matters of your own choosing, not defensive reactions to the push-and-pull of those around you.

> Daily Law: Always try to inwardly maintain your [[independence]] and avoid entanglements not of your choosing.
> 
> _The 48 Laws of Power_, Law 20: Do Not Commit to Anyone

I have avoided all social interaction investment. I am not interested in other people. I’m [[self]]-centered. This is adaptive but I also see that I have offended others in that time. They know that I don’t care about them. 

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: List three things you’re grateful for about your sense of humor.

# [[Homo Deus]]
Humans 20,000 years ago were superior in every way they were almost like the [[Atlanteans]] in that they could use stone tools and take down merits, natural selection forced only the best of the best to remain and reproduce whereas today the welfare state takes care of everyone and brains are actually smaller. The thing that keeps us so far ahead in the modern age is that we've been increasingly connected to each other with the advent of language. Not just [[intelligence]] and toolmaking. Also flexible cooperation and social structures. 

Organization wins over [[Chaos]]. Revolutions caused by small tightknit groups. 

The ultimatum game it does not operate on logic rather on [[Emotions]] it is a social game and [[emotions]] are [[algorithm]]s. We reject unfair offers because in evolutionary times those people that accepted unfair offers did not survive. Capuchin monkey experiment with cucumbers and grapes demonstrates that we value by comparison.

All large scale human social structures rely on the belief that there is an underlying logic or reason like [[science]] or [[Religion]] to justify it.

Humans behave differently at scale.

Stories are what have enabled large scale cooperation between strangers, the rise of [[sapiens]]. Faith in the story. Belief and meaning are reinforced continuously through social connection.

The humanities emphasize the importance of inter-subjective entities. To think historically is to ascribe real [[power]] to the content of our stories. Stories are much more important to historians than scientific facts. 

Border between history and biology will blur not because biological explanations progress, but because ideological fictions will rewrite dna strands, political and economical interests will redesign the climate. Cyberspace will replace mountains and rivers. Inter-subjective reality will absorb objective reality, and biology will merge with history. Fiction will become the most potent force on [[Earth]] surpassing even [[natural selection]]. 

## History

Cognitive revolution enabled [[sapiens]] to talk about things that were only in their imaginations. They weaved fictional webs but they were small. 

Agricultural revolution enabled greater stories. 

Corporations are fictional entities. 

[[Writing]] and [[money]] were invented at the same time in Sumer. Money enabled taxation which enabled the state to grow.

Writing enables humans to organize societies in an algorithmic fashion.

Writing enables algorithm of network of people equals bureaucracy. 

How to determine if an entity is real: Can it suffer?

Religions assert human moral laws originate from superhuman sources.

[[Religion]] cements societal structures, [[spirituality]] deconstructs society

[[Religion]] cares about [[order]], [[science]] cares about [[power]]. They both care about both. 

Zen if you meet the Buddha on the road, kill him. Meaning if you meet dogma on the path to enlightenment, kill him. The Buddha you meet is a figment of dogma. There is no Buddha you will meet on your path because he is not a deity.
- *the phrase encourages seekers to experience the [[truth]] directly, free from preconceived notions, dogmas, or idolization. It’s a call to experience reality as it is, not as we think it should be. This is a central theme in Zen Buddhism.*

Humanism is the current [[religion]]. Science has made a deal and implements.

Modernity doesn't care about [[purpose]], only cause. 

Concept of credit is based on the belief and growth.

# [[Stoicism]]
[[Marcus Aurelius]] talks about how we have the [[Power]] of no opinion over events and he’s right. Still, as we said recently, that’s an incredibly advanced [[power]]—maybe one that only the sages can regularly wield. More realistically, we can set our sights on the more attainable [[power]] of just deciding not to express unhelpful opinions too.

# [[TRP]]
You earn leisure time, you use dead time to avoid your responsibilities.

# [[3.0 Resources/3.1 Concepts/Attention]]
[How I fixed my attention span](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vYaNiC4kchg)
1. Attention and [[focus]] are different things: attention is a broad concept that boils down to general awareness. [[Focus]] brings attention to bear.
2. [[Focus]] is an exhaustible resource.
3. [[Focus]] filters distractions. The more distractions that are suppressed, the more cognitive fuel is used.

Manage distractions
- Create friction for distractors
- Internal distractions
	- Minor distractions such as chores, to-do’s, things that aren’t urgent but still need to be done because they are important. Causes the [[emotion]] of anxiety or fear that they will never be done, causes you to do the thing now and interrupt what you’re currently working on. 
	- Solved by writing them down in a daily to-do list. Sort by action, importance, and time sensitivity.
	- Timebox tasks, not just events. If the task is hard, will not be able to sustain for very long.
	- Account for task switching costs when timeboxing.
	- Digitize schedule in PKMS.

She falls off, and gets frustrated. The act of concentrating and focusing builds up an emotional debt of frustration, [[pain]], [[despair]], from forcing yourself. You have to pay this debt somewhere. 
- [[Meditation]] solves the debt but what she found through analyzing her data is that it eliminated her peaks and troughs of the EEG data. It meant that she wasn’t distracted as often, but also that her peaks of intense [[focus]] dropped.

Summary
1. manage (minimize) distractions
	1. western view emphasizes cutting out and walling distractions, difficult to maintain. Change [[environment]].
	2. eastern approach cultivates [[focus]] directly, making it easy to command. Strengthen the [[self]]. 
	3. We can’t control our environments. 
	4. We only have ourselves. 
2. avoid multi-tasking
3. meditate
	1. open monitoring - observe in real time without reacting
	2. focused attention








