---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-05-28
journal-end-date: 2024-05-28
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## The Effective [[Truth]]

> For the great majority of mankind are satisfied with appearances, as though they were realities.
> 
> —Niccolò Machiavelli

Machiavelli calls this “the effective [[truth]],” and it is his most brilliant concept, in my opinion. It works like this: People will say almost anything to justify their actions, to give them a moral or sanctimonious veneer. The only thing that is clear, the only way we can judge people and cut away all this crap is by looking at their actions, the results of their actions. That is their effective [[truth]]. Take the Pope, for instance. He will sermonize forever about the poor, about [[morality]], about [[peace]], but in the meantime he presides over the most powerful organization in the world (in Machiavelli’s time). And his actions are basically concerned with increasing this [[power]]. The effective [[truth]] is that the Pope is a political animal, and that his decisions inevitably involve maintaining the Catholic Church’s preeminent place in the world. The religious verbiage is simply a part of his political gamesmanship, serving as a distracting device.

> Daily Law: Judge people by the results of their actions and maneuvers, and not by the stories they tell.
> 
> powerseductionandwar.com, July 28, 2006

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: Write about a time when you inspired someone else.

# [[Complex PTSD - From Surviving to Thriving]]



>“If you go looking for a friend, you’re going to find they’re very scarce. If you go out to be a friend, you’ll find them everywhere.” - [[Zig Ziglar]]

# Lex Friedman Application

I joined a company and I found their onboarding process to be lacking. Everyone circumvented the entire process (which itself wasn’t good) and reverted to tribal knowledge. 

I knew that there had to be a better way. I had heard someone in the office talking about [[Power]] Apps so I decided to learn about [[Power]] Apps. I had a small background in coding (lua) from writing weak auras in World of Warcraft, and customizing addons for The Elder Scrolls Online. 

I leveraged this background knowledge to teach myself how to build a [[power]] app from scratch. I admit that at first it was daunting, but I started consuming content and started from a simple home screen which included some buttons that went to a second screen. From there I learned that the gist of a [[power]] app is a gallery and a form. As I learned more, I was able to take small functions and scale them up. I took a simple gallery and form and then replicated it across multiple screens such as the employee directory, the skills matrix, etc. 

Due to the nature of coding, there was a lot of trial and error, but due to the internet, I was able to learn code similar to how a wizard learns spells, and I learned more and more functions. I think algorithmically so I was able to intuit how to put all of these small pieces together. 

Due to growing up playing video games my entire life, I intuitively understood the universal design language that all modern apps follow and I was able to design my app according to UX/UI best practices. I didn’t know what UX/UI meant initially, but by exploring, I was able to teach myself all of the different aspects that go into making the app.

I finally finished the MVP release of the app and presented it to my team. I thought that with the right technology, all of the team’s problems would be solved. Little did I understand that an organization is people, process, and technology. I had created the answer to a question that may have been asked, but was never felt. There was no adoption of the tool because no one wanted to change their process. There was minimal buy-in from leadership. Both people and process were missing and therefore I realized that I had wasted my time. If I want to make an impact in the world, it needs to be done through people and process. Currently I am starting to realize that even process is a type of cognitive technology, so really, what I am after is learning to persuade people. 


//

I want to work for you because you are an entrepreneur and I want to learn from the best. I want to eventually earn my freedom from time slavery so that I can achieve my [[purpose]]. 

Your thoroughness in your podcasts leads me to believe that you could act similarly in other domains in your life. I want a mentor and a guide to show me through their actions what it means to manifest their will upon the world and fulfill their [[purpose]]. 

I can help you because I understand where humanity is heading. I have already felt the depths of [[nihilism]] and ennui and I have risen out of it. I want to be on the frontlines guiding humanity through its metamorphosis. I can help primarily through writing and thinking. By helping to guide the direction of content that will in turn help guide the world in the direction that allows for its evolution, whether it wants it or not.