---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-03-02
journal-end-date: 2024-03-02
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Transits
| Time | Event |
|------|-------|
| 06:14 | Sun Sextile Jupiter |
| 00:00 | Moon in Scorpio |


# Journal
I wouldn't have my first story without fate unfolding exactly as it has. This is the price I had to pay to earn this story. Amor fati. 

There are needs in this world that I am not equipped to fulfill. This is not my fault, this okay. I can only be me in the here and now. I was not equipped to fulfill Victoria's needs. It is also good for me. I was not equipped to give Victoria what she wanted out of a life partner. That isn't her fault for wanting what she wants and just as importantly, that isn't my failure for not being able to meet that need. It is not my debt, my obligation, to change myself to meet that need. I don't need to be everyone's hero, everyone's savior. It's okay to not be enough for every situation. The only scenario/situation that I must meet the call for, the only person I must save, the only person for whom I must be the hero , is myself. That is the only person I owe fealty, obligation. And that is only because I am me, I can't be anyone else, and thus I will always have enough (of myself), and be enough for myself, because I am me (it's a matter of fact). I write the quota and I meet the quota, simultaneously. The only way I can fail myself is by abandoning myself. If embraced, activated, held, welcomed integrated, accepted, I can never fail as a matter of fact. I need a hero, and it's me. My story needs a hero, and it's me. I don't need to play the protagonist in another's story. I actually can't (physics). Complementarily,  no one can play the protagonist in my story.

I need to find a path that allows me my days completely (no job) but where my needs are met, including sustenance and security. Either I reduce my needs to near homelessness, through which my need for social standing, social access, social power, will not be met ([[amour-propre]]); or I find a third path, a miracle, which allows me to sustain myself comfortably, along with having my needs met, i.e. money, abundance, while also giving me freedom of my day to pursue my dreams. I need to reclaim my day back. A job takes too much from me. I can sustain for now, but I realize now that (my) time is limited.


