---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-12-12
journal-end-date: 2024-12-12
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [ ] Inner Work
- [ ] AI
- [ ] Writing
- [ ] Socialization
- [ ] Meditation
- [ ] Journal


# Transits

| Time | Event |
|------|-------|
| 00:00 | Moon in Taurus |
| 04:45 | Venus Opposite Mars |



# Journal

Today I had my InBody measurement and it felt reassuring to see that my bodyfat was 15.6% as opposed to the daily 18% that I see each morning that just doesn't seem to budge.

As if by fate, when I was in the sauna, that cute girl and her boyfriend (which I later confirmed) walked into the sauna. I was planning on staying silent, but the topic had to do with sleep and as an avid nerd, I felt compelled to speak up. It turned out that Alina (the cute girl) was quite knowledgeable about sleep, nutrition, and obviously fitness. I was able to conversate in my usual way, and it felt exhilarating to be captivating, the center of attention. Gavin (the guy) (also his friend's name is "AP"), called me a shaman. I crave this feeling. I also crave that girl, but they're both in their early 20's, I think Alina is 20 on the dot. I understand that she's too young, and that she has a boyfriend that looks much more attractive than me, however, I still find myself thinking about her. I felt something. She seems like she could be a sapiosexual. I haven't considered that there's a cohort of attractive, tight-bodied, and intelligent women that are attracted to my intellect. That, in addition to my accumulated wisdom, and earning potential in the near future, could make me much more lucrative than I feel. I've also realized that I should make friends with everyone because even if I can't get the girl because they're in a relationship, if I create friendships, I can join their social circles and they can introduce me to their single friends. 


