---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-07-29
journal-end-date: 2024-07-29
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [x] AI
- [x] Entrepreneurship
- [ ] Socialization
- [x] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [x] Twitter
- [x] Breathwork
- [x] Second Brain

# Journal

Today I found out that I will be forced to become a DDS like I had originally feared. I will be reduced to transactional work while everyone else gets to move into the next stage of projects. I feel betrayed and abandoned. I feel hurt, victimized, and isolated. I am being burdened with the work that no one else wants to do, especially myself. This is an invasion of my boundaries. I need to stand up for myself however I just bought a new car and I need to move out of my house. Everything is coming to a head. I am being forced on both the home and [[career]] front into roles that I don't want for myself. On both sides, my boundaries are being tested. The invaders want to subjugate me. I am now panicking because [[entrepreneurship]] isn't just a dream, it will be my only way out. I am forced into action and I realize I haven't been focused enough with the time I had. I was too complacent, and too consumed by my [[emotions]] to act freely. I have meditated daily for quite some time now however I don't know if I've developed the emotional [[resilience]] to deal with this situation for too long. This is the wallower.

Another voice insists that I'm a problem-solver. This is just another problem, and I'll just solve my way out of it like I solve my way out of every problem. This is just another puzzle to be solved. I can do it. However, this is also the stimulus I need to free myself. I don't think I want to return to what I had, to return to a slow [[death]]. This is an opportunity to move forward. I am being forced to move forward. It's okay that the fog of war clouds the near future. I can use this time to act.

I think I've settled on [[copywriting]] as it's more practical than coaching. I like coaching, I do it everyday, however, as a life path it's way too ambiguous.

I also feel as if I've alienated people through my anti-[[God]] rhetoric. However, it's not like this situation is supposed to suddenly change that. I'm being punished from both ends. From [[fate]], as well as from society, simply being myself, a product of my [[fate]].



# [[The World ([[tarot]])]]

