---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-08-14
journal-end-date: 2024-08-14
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [ ] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [ ] AI
- [ ] Entrepreneurship
- [ ] Socialization
- [ ] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [ ] Twitter
- [x] Breathwork
- [x] Second Brain

# Journal

The first half of your life is an unavoidable mistake. The second half is regaining you [[sovereignty]]. -[[James Hollis]]

"Your only permanent home is your body. Take care of it."
## Trouble at work
Today I was scared of getting into trouble with Kendra, due to not paying attention. This dredged up feelings of remorse and anxiety because I knew I had made a mistake due to neglect, however in reality, it was just based on ambiguous communication. However, I was fearing Kendra's response to my mistake yet when I reached out to her, she was upset, but not really at me. I was able to resolve the situation. I'm not a powerless child anymore. I'm an adult and I can handle these scary situations. I'll be here on the other side of whatever trouble I get myself into. I can more than handle whatever needs to be done. 

I can save myself now. I don't need to be as scared of repercussions as my child [[self]] was. 

# [[Astrology]] with Ari Moshe

# [[Confidence]]

# [[Authenticity]]
Energy has gotten stuck. [[Trust]] your intuition. Define your own path. Within that, you will free up your own heart, your own light. Knowing that it's okay to be who you are. I'm not safe to be sincere in my own being. [[Trauma]] of being a black sheep, outsider. Service vs slavery. Overly defined by a particular role, [[structure]], image of yourself that's acceptable and pleasing, that others will believe. Stifle my form that's relatable. 

Confusion regarding service. 

There's been sacrifice, servant role. Can't freely express myself. Too much intelligence and creativity, you're repressed.

Mars - learning how to be honest. 

A lot of rules, who am I allowed to be. 

Core betrayal, [[abandonment]] [[trauma]]. Your adaptation, to feel secure, is to learn how to be adoptable. 

Mars, ruler of the north node. Need to do south node in a new way. Mars is also midheaven ruler. [[Jupiter]] roles sag in the 5th house.

Any square on the nodes is important. [[Neptune]] square nodes. Aries 9th is freedom. If I follow my intuition, I'll get lost. 

Shaman path. Help people deepen into their [[self]]-realization. 

Gabe Bult.

[[4th house]] Stellium = [[abandonment]]. 



