---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-04-14
journal-end-date: 2024-04-14
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## View the World as a Vast Interconnected Palace

The world is dangerous and enemies are everywhere—everyone has to protect themselves. A fortress seems the safest. But isolation exposes you to more dangers than it protects you from—it cuts you off from valuable information, it makes you conspicuous and an easy target. Since [[power]] is a human creation, it is inevitably increased by contact with other people. Instead of falling into the fortress mentality, view the world in the following manner: It is like a vast palace of Versailles, with every room communicating with another. You need to be permeable, able to float in and out of different circles and mix with different types. That kind of mobility and social contact will protect you from plotters, who will be unable to keep secrets from you, and from your enemies, who will be unable to isolate you from your allies. Always on the move, you mix and mingle in the rooms of the palace, never sitting or settling in one place. No hunter can fix his aim on such a swift-moving creature.

> Daily Law: Because humans are social creatures by nature, [[power]] depends on social interaction and circulation. To make yourself powerful, place yourself at the center of things, make yourself more accessible, seek out old allies and make new ones, force yourself into more and more different circles.
> 
> _The 48 Laws of Power_, Law 18: Do Not Build Fortresses to Protect Yourself—Isolation Is Dangerous

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: Think about a time when you explored a new place or culture.

[[Intake]]

# business idea - sexual therapists
[[Hetaerae (Business Idea)]]

# #Goal: Learn how to interact with women uninhibited, with the end of seducing them, eventually. 
[[Sex]]
I am too inhibited. Deep down, I am starting to believe that there is something deep within me that doesn’t want contact, with anyone, but this [[rejection]], this flight, this fear, or something else, is more pronounced with women, and more pronounced the riskier the interaction is.

## [[TRP]] (The Red Pill)
I’m realizing (again) that perhaps I am taking an entirely wrong approach to women. I had started down this path over a decade ago however I failed with [[Alyssa]] and that put me into a nihilistic slumber that ended when I met [[Victoria]]. I couldn’t accept that I had finally tried, risen, and still failed and faded back into nothingness I had emerged from. Ori offered me a way out and I took the first offer that came my way, but it was a trap. It was a decade long trap where I learned a lot of painful lessons however I learned many of them from a place of [[Power]] rather than as the victim. I still ended up the [[victim]], I still lost my [[youth]], I bled, but at least I didn’t endure the [[pain]] of infidelity, something that I’m still not sure I’d be able to handle without [[stoic]] blinders. Now I feel I am getting ready for round 2 of this farce, but this time, I will complete my training. There is so much information out there now. I know that [[TRP]] isn’t the only story, but it is certainly one side of the story that I must accept if I am to move forward. It may also give me the [[Power]] to move forward, as currently, I lack the [[power]] to progress forward. I will build myself up and gain the [[power]] I need to take what I need from the world. This isn’t unfair as it is the same right of all humans. They won’t hesitate to exercise their right to thrive so neither should I. It is actually morally reprehensible that I have denied myself this right while affording it to all others in my life. If we are our own biggest fans, then I have failed myself, [[abandoned]] myself, all this time.



