---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-06-25
journal-end-date: 2024-06-25
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Create an Air of Mystery

> Mix a little mystery with everything, and the very mystery stirs up veneration.
> 
> —Baltasar Gracián

Count Victor Lustig, the aristocrat of swindlers, played the game to perfection. He was always doing things that were different or seemed to make no sense. He would show up at the best hotels in a limo driven by a Japanese chauffeur; no one had ever seen a Japanese chauffeur before, so this seemed exotic and strange. Lustig would dress in the most expensive clothing, but always with something—a medal, a flower, an armband—out of place, at least in conventional terms. This was seen not as tasteless but as odd and intriguing. In hotels he would be seen receiving telegrams at all hours, one after the other, brought to him by his Japanese chauffeur—telegrams he would tear up with utter nonchalance. (In fact they were fakes, completely blank.) He would sit alone in the dining room, reading a large and impressive-looking book, smiling at people yet remaining aloof. Within a few days, of course, the entire hotel would be abuzz with interest in this strange man. All this attention allowed Lustig to lure suckers in with ease. They would beg for his [[confidence]] and his company. Everyone wanted to be seen with this mysterious aristocrat. And in the presence of this distracting enigma, they wouldn’t even notice that they were being robbed blind.

> Daily Law: People [[love]] mysteries and enigmas, so give them what they want.
> 
> _The 48 Laws of Power_, Law 6: Court Attention at All Cost


# Morning Journal

1. What’s something I’m **grateful** for?
	1. 
2. What’s something I’m **excited** about?
	1. 
3. What is a **[[virtue]]** I want to exhibit?
	1. 
4. What’s something I’m **avoiding**?
	1. 
5. What’s the one thing I **need to do**?
	1. 



# Misc

> “In an age of infinite leverage - [[judgement]] - not work, determines [[success]] or [[failure]].” – [[Naval Ravikant]]

# [[Copywriting]]

Teach the basics of which your product intends to sell at a deeper level. 

You cannot have absolute control and absolute freedom at the same time, they are mutually exclusive. 