---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-08-09
journal-end-date: 2024-08-09
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [x] AI
- [ ] Entrepreneurship
- [ ] Socialization
- [x] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [x] Twitter
- [ ] Breathwork
- [x] Second Brain

# Journal

Need vs wants
Survival is [[aversive]]; life is [[appetitive]].

What we go looking for, we find. What we attend to, we change. What we attend to gets bigger, until it obscures the sky of consciousness.

As an actor, you just need to say your line to advance the plot. That's the scope of your [[responsibility]]. That's it, nothing more. It doesn't have to be an award-winning performance, it just needs to be said. 

Anxiety
So what? Exercise: [[trust]] that you will know what you need to do in the moment.  

On the other side of sobriety. Hyper-sobriety. 

Visibility has a curvilinear relationship with [[power]].

Life lived by design, not by default. -Chris Williamson

You accept, you surrender to the present, not because you're giving up or because you condone the present, but out of enlightened [[self]]-interest. To allow yourself into the present moment with more of your faculties intact so that you can derive more from it to use.

The glass is fully half-full. It is whole in it's half-ness.

Nothing is as painful as the [[death]] of a dream.

The game of hedonism - positive needs to outweigh negative 5 to 1. Because of the asymmetry you get a lot more return on your investment by mitigating negative, reducing the negatives than you do trying to multiply your positives because it takes five times as much effort to push upwards. 

Offensive taken not given.

By getting upset I am telling myself that my [[peace]] is worth less than a parking ticket. The price of my piece has resent 

How much would someone need to pay you to stay in anxiety [[despair]] or rage? That's the price of your piece 

Functional hopelessness means pure radical [[acceptance]] of others 

It's the imputation of agency that gives rise to [[anger]]. Just think of them as empty canoes.
# [[Shamanism]]


