---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-03-16
journal-end-date: 2024-03-16
journal-section: day
---
```calendar-nav
```

# Daily [[Gratitude]]

# Dream
 I had a dream where I was talking about Victoria I don't think she was here in the dream we were in Madeleine's old house or it could have been victoria's house as well and we were talking about Victoria I was talking to both victoria's mom and an old relative like a great Grandma or a great aunt and We were just kind of memorializing the relationship talking about what happened what didn't happen maybe I don't know, I think it came off as very positive and well it did sound wasteful, but it was framed in a positive way and it was framed in a way in which there was a sense of finality as in it was time to let go. it was a nice thing and it's over and we've all moved on and it's okay and it was a beautiful thing while it lasted. There was no resentment no hard feelings. The dream overall made me feel a sense of closure.
# [[Friedrich Nietzsche]]
#PhilosophizeThis 
#relisten
## "God is dead. God remains dead. And we have killed him. How shall we comfort ourselves, the murderers of all murderers?"

True world theory
Modernity, science makes it harder to believe, to use True world theories.
We have no recourse left if belief fails us, our primary tool has stopped working for us we must carry the load of existential dread unaided.
Christian [[morality]] inversion.
"The meek shall inherit the [[earth]]."
[[Religion]] and alcohol avoid reality, both are poison. 

## Will to [[power]]
#PhilosophizeThis 
#relisten 
[[Power]] = becoming who you are, [[self]]-expression, to not be enslaved. 

Two sides of the same coin: [[shame]] versus [[pride]] arrogance versus [[self]]-deprecation

Nietzsche is a huge fan of Heraclitus

Physical matter is a savings account for energy

This is how energy can be a basic building block to everything in the universe whereas matter is just something that contributes to this model

Can we observe something in ourselves and extrapolate that to learn something about the universe

[[Self]] overcoming overcome that which inhibits or stifles your [[self]]-expression

The intensity of the lows you experience dictate the heights you soar.

## Thus Spoke Zarathustra
#PhilosophizeThis 
#relisten 
The Übermensch, the Overman, the Progressive man: The Übermensch represents a transcendent ideal, a [[vision]] of humanity that surpasses conventional moral and societal norms.

## There are three stages of life 
### The camel 
who carries the burdens of those around them they are pack animals that do things as they are told. Beasts of burden, burdened with true world theories to carry on our backs. 

### The lion 
which is a transitionary stage where their primary task is to slay the dragon that directs their behavior. The dragons name is "thou shalt". Slaying the dragon means understanding these traditions these "thou shalt's" and by understanding them you can respect them and choose to follow them or not follow them according to your will to [[power]].

These first two stages are about saying no about throwing away and casting off what was thrown on you your shackles. The trap here is to stop and thank you ended at some destination, people get stuck here. 

### The Child
Says "yes". Life affirming. [[Risk]] taking, [[risk]]-accepting. Always looking for the next game. 

Life is a series of games. Life is play.

Higher [[self]]: 
"They fear their higher [[self]] because when it speaks it speaks demandingly."

[[Freedom]], [[Purpose]]

# Libra Lunar Eclipse (upcoming)
#[[astrology]] 
Life cannot be be navigate by the mind it must be chiseled by the soul. You can't do life wrong. Just listen to your soul. What feels good now?

# Ranking Of Kings
#orphaned 
## Opening
There once was a tiny prince who saved an entire kingdom with his [[Courage]]. The [[courage]] to face [[Adversity]], the [[courage]] to keep moving forward, the [[courage]] to have [[Faith]] in others. ^91283b

## S2E7 - The Snake Charmer with the Crooked Smile | The Big Four's Banquet
### Bebin
Bebin asks how a serpentine sword would be better than a straight sword. Despa's response: 

> Despa: "where is it written that a straight sword is superior for the [[purpose]] of doing battle?"
> Bebin: "I just assumed..."
> Despa: "uh, uh, uh, listen to me: your shortcoming is that you take things too seriously which narrows your view. You are both earnest and hardworking but you lack the [[power]] it takes to break through. This leads to ==desperation which ultimately limits your scope==. In other words, once you gain the strength to break through, you will naturally be granted the leeway you need to broaden your perspective."

## # E8 - Kage's Yearning | A Great Mother
Kage dreamed to be a knight even though he was shadow clan, universally reviled, a clan of assassins. His [[fate]] was sealed. Everyone told him who he should be. His ancestry told him who he should be. But his soul was gentle. His soul chose to protect his oppressor when both were confronted with danger. The strongest knight in the kingdom saw his [[truth]], he was seen, he was validated for who he truly is by one who knows true worth. You can be born as one thing, but your soul must shine through. You have the choice to express yourself. Kage's mother wished that his dream would come true and Kage could be a knight, and it did come true. Kage is Bojji's knight. 

### Sheena (Bojji's mother)
> "Becoming strong isn't something you do for yourself, but for the sake of those around you. With that in mind, I can get as strong as I need to."

> "It was wrong of her to steal from you, but isn't it wrong to hold a grudge too?"

# The ONE RULE for LIFE - [[Immanuel Kant]]'s Moral [[Philosophy]] - [[Mark Manson]]

[](https://www.youtube.com/@AfterSkool)
## His Routine
For over 40 years, he woke up at 5am and wrote for exactly 3 hours. He would then lecture at the same university for 4 hours. He would then get lunch at the same restaurant each day and then, on the afternoon, he would walk in the same park and return home at the same time everyday. He never left his home city, he never even saw the sea even though it wasn't very far away. He was efficiency personified. He went to bed at exactly 10pm. 

## Categorical Imperatives
For something to be good, it has to be universal. For it to be  wrong, it needs to be wrong all of the time. Universalized ethical principles that apply to all human beings in every context.

### Act that you use humanity, whether in your own person or in the person of any other, always at the same time as an *end*, *never merely as a means*.
- Restated: Each person must never be treated as a means to some other end, but must also be treated as an end themselves.
- You cannot use people as a means to your own ends. You cannot use people as instruments.

Rationality is sacred. We are the only creatures able to make decisions, weigh options, and consider the moral implications of each and every action. Consciousness. This is special. We are the only shot the universe has at intelligent organization, therefore we need to take this charge seriously. 

All [[morality]] is derived from the protection and promotion of rational consciousness in each individual. 

An end is desired for its own sake.

Treating any human as a means to some other end is the basis of all unethical behavior. 
* Example: lying is wrong because you are misleading another's conscious behavior for your own end.
#### Moral implications of Kant's rule

##### Example 1: Laziness
In the short term we gain (pleasure, comfort), but in the long term we lose (progress, contentedness). 
###### We all have a moral imperative to do the best we can at all times.
To do anything less than our best is to treat ourselves as a means rather than an end.
Example: hedonism. You are treating your mind and body as a mere pleasure receptacle (means) for pleasure (end). 

You are not maximizing the potential of your consciousness. 

==You are using your consciousness as a means to stimulate your emotional ends.== 

You are actively harming yourself.

##### Example 2: Addiction
Escapism is morally wrong because it requires that you use your rational mind as a means to the end of avoiding the [[pain]] of reality. Facing ones problems, suffering is warranted and even necessary in life. 

Overindulgence is being immoral against one's [[self]]. The harm it does to others is merely collateral damage. 

It is a [[failure]] to confront one's own mind and consciousness, and this [[failure]] is akin to lying or cheating one's [[self]] of one's precious life potential. To Kant, lying to one's [[self]] is just as unethical as lying to others.

##### Example 3: People pleasing, seeking approval of others, external [[validation]]
Seeking the approval of others forces you to alter your own behavior and speech to no longer reflect what you actually feel. You are treating yourself as a means rather than an end. (I am using myself as an instrument. As a means to an end. I am not a tool or instrument. I am the end.)

But, it gets worse: if you alter your speech and behavior to get others to like you ([[deception]]), you are also treating others as a means to your end. You are altering and manipulating their perceptions of you (through [[deception]]) in order to garner a pleasant response from them.
##### Example 4: Manipulation and Coercion
Kant was big on fully informed consent. Even if you're not lying, but you are omitting the whole [[truth]] with an attitude of gaining something, then you are being unethical. 

All conscious creatures have a fundamental dignity that must be respected at all times by everyone. 

Consent was the act of demonstrating respect. Anything that didn't lead towards consent between two people was, to some degree, disrespectful. 

Sales and marketing: everyone is a means to an end (making money).

##### Ethical implications of capitalism and [[wealth]] and inequality. 
Anyone who had amassed a fortune had a moral imperative to give much of it away to the starving masses. 

##### Example 5: Bigotry
Early on, he had questionable views on race but later on, he pivoted and concluded that no race has any right to subjugate another. This treats other people as means to an end. 

###### He became vehemently anti-colonialist. 
Regardless of race, the violence and oppression required to subjugate populations would destroy peoples' humanity in the process.

This was radical at the time.

"The only way to prevent war and oppression was to form an international government that organized and bound nation-states together globally."
- The United Nations was formed on his [[vision]]

##### Example 6: The duty of [[self]]-improvement
Predominant view in his time was utilitarianism: do whatever increases [[happiness]] and reduces suffering.

Be the change you want to see. 

Kant's argument:
1. It is impossible to know whether a person deserves to be happy or suffer because you can never truly know what their intentions and aims were when they acted. 
2. Even if you should make others happy, there's no way to precisely know how to make them happy. You do not know their [[values]] and expectations. You do not know the implications you actions will have on them.
3. What constitutes suffering or [[happiness]], in most non-extreme situations, is unclear. 
	1. Example: your divorce may cause you incredible [[pain]] today, but in a year, it may have been the best thing that ever happened to you.
	2. You may relish a celebration with friends but maybe it is distracting you from pursuing something that would prevent more future suffering. 
4. Therefore, the only way to improve the world is by improving ourselves, because the only thing that we can truly experience with any certainty is ourselves.
	1. [[Self]]-improvement (as defined by Kant) is developing the ability to adhere to the categorical imperative.
		1. This is a duty.
		2. The reward or punishment is made not in heaven or hell, but in a life made for one's [[self]].
			1. Adherence produced not only a better life for yourself, but a better life for all those around you.
			2. [[Failure]] to adhere to [[morality]] would produce unnecessary suffering for one's [[self]] and for those around you.
		3. Ripple effect: your improved ability to be honest with yourself will increase how honest you are with others and your honesty with others will influence them to be more honest with themselves which will help them improve their own lives. 
			1. This is true for all aspects of Kant's rule
				1. Honesty
				2. Productivity
				3. Charity
				4. Consent
		4. Kant's rule, adopted by enough people, will have a snowball effect in the world, enacting more positive change than any calculated policy or institution.

##### Example 7: The duty of [[self]]-respect
There is a fundamental link between respect for ourselves and our respect for the world. 
The way we interact with our own psyche is the template which we apply to our interactions with others.

Little progress can be made with others until we've made progress with ourselves. 

[[Self]]-respect isn't about feeling better, that is treating one's [[self]] as a means (learning [[self-esteem]] hacks) to an end (feeling better in order to respect one's [[self]]).

[[Self]]-respect is about knowing your own value. Knowing that every human, no matter who they are, deserves rights and dignities. Every consciousness is sacred and must be treated as such.

Telling ourselves that we are worthless is just as wrong as telling others that they are worthless. Lying to ourselves is just as unethical as lying to others. Harming ourselves is just as repugnant as harming others. 

Therefore [[self]]-[[love]] and [[self]]-care is not something you learn or practice. It is something you ethically called upon to cultivate within yourself, ==even if they are all you have left==. 

#### The impact it had on Mark Manson:
What you do doesn't matter as much as the [[purpose]] behind doing it. 

Until you find the right [[purpose]], you haven't found much of anything at all.

Kant used to party and have fun. It wasn't until he was 40 that he dropped it all and developed his routine life. He said he developed his routine because of the moral implications stating "I will no longer allow myself to waste the precious time or energy my consciousness has left." Kant called this developing character, building your life around maximizing your own potential.

He believed people can't develop true character until middle-age. Until then, we are too seduced by the fancies and whims of the world, influenced by environmental and societal pressures, the world around us. Blown this way and that from excitement to [[despair]], and back again. 
- We are too obsessed with accumulating more means and hopelessly oblivious to the ends that drive us. 

To develop character, a person must master themselves and their own actions. We each have a duty to work towards this. 

"Rules for [[happiness]]: something to do, someone to [[love]], something to hope for."

# To be beautiful
[[Immanuel Kant]], [[Narcissism]], [[Anxiety]]
I have been treating myself as a means to an end, my [[beauty]] or my looks and my attractiveness is something that is always kept me down always depressed me that I don't look good enough but I can't attract enough people I can't get the endless [[validation]] that beautiful people get but I realize that I am an end in myself. I was simply using [[beauty]] as a means to secure [[validation]] and approval and a way to make up for my lack of [[self]]-identity as a narcissist would I needed fuel. In Kant's view, I am already enough. I am already a means to an end just by being myself, just my existing. The only way I could get depressed with myself and my attractiveness to the degree that I have now where it makes me eternally [[self]]-conscious would be if I see myself as an object as an instrument to secure [[validation]] and approval. I no longer want to be a means to an end I am an end in and of myself. I don't need to be anxious anymore because there is no [[success]] or [[failure]] of my instrumentation of my ability as an instrument. The instrument can't be good enough or not good enough, because I am not an instrument. I am an end not a means and all ends are equal in that they are equally infinite and of infinite value.

# Spirit Spouse
[[Spirits]]
Do I have a spirit wife? Do they cause sexual dysfunction? My dad told me about a video he saw on YouTube where they caused sexual dysfunction. I told my dad that yes, Black Americans have a heritage of voodoo from i presume, West Africa, but that it was superstition. I was dismissive. This may be the universe trying to tell me something through my dad. Am I trapped in a spirit marriage? Is my (presumed) sexual dysfunction a result of this spirit marriage. Something I was too young to understand. How does one get a spirit divorce? Apparently spirit spouses are a thing. 

# Upcoming Libra lunar eclipse on (2024-03-25)
#[[astrology]] 
Life cannot be navigated by the mind, it must be chiseled by the soul. You can't do life wrong. Just listen to your soul. What feels good right now?


