---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-10-06
journal-end-date: 2024-10-06
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [ ] AI
- [x] Writing
- [x] Socialization
- [ ] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [x] Breathwork
- [x] Journal


# Transits

| [[Time]] | Event |
|------|-------|
| 18:33 | [[Moon]] Enters [[Sagittarius]] |
| 17:52 | [[Moon]] v/c |
| 13:28 | Sun Quincunx [[Saturn]] |
| 01:36 | [[Mercury]] Square [[Mars]] |



# Journal

You can only know where you are or how fast your going. Quantum. You can only exercise free will or [[fate]], but not both at the same [[time]]. Waves potential, free will; particles are [[fate]], events. 

You've been focused on [[self]] and [[security]] and [[9th house]] stuff. You don't need to feel guilty, you've been [[self]]-actualizing. 

Planet (actor) sign (role, clothes) house (domain, stage) aspect. 

[[4th house]] - life as a child. 
5rh house - here's what I have to say, here's what I create. Being childlike. Play. 
6th house - what you need to do to put bread on the table. Pay the bills. 
[[9th house]] - The search creates the reality.

Article capitalism - we've already created artificial life (corporations).


# Speaking with my mother regarding purpose
Today I had a heart to heart with my [[mother]]. It started because she had asked me for help with solving a problem she was having with email access, a tech issue. I was acting impatient, rolling my eyes, acting condescending. My mom stated that what I was doing was hurtful. She knew that I am smart, and it was hurtful for me to show impatience, and she advised me to show [[compassion]] and generosity. She said that some people can hear the teacher and learn the lesson straight away whereas others need to repeat the lesson 10 times, require tutoring. I confided that this is something that I need to work on. I went on to convey what I told Caitlin regarding whether one is obligated to give their water to the thirsty. While my mom acknowledged the logic, she doubled down on helping as much as possible. I learned that I have a very rigid and judgmental way of seeing the world. The issue with this worldview may be that I will be treated the same way by the Universe. The recent [[eclipse]] story has shown me that perhaps I need to let go of the judging everyone and be more generous and compassionate. My [[mars]] in [[libra]] ruthlessness has caused a lot of [[pain]] that is boomeranging back to me.

Later our conversation went to other topics and my mom wanted to know my plans for the future. She was worried that I was throwing away an opportunity and her true worry was that I would fall into [[depression]] again. She thought that I was reacting hastily and impulsively to this [[adversity]] and that I hadn't thought things through. I spent the next hour pouring my soul out, talking about [[my goals]] and ambitions in [[AI]], my [[dharma]], and how out of place I am in this [[environment]]. I relayed that the people in Racine are grazers, like buffalo, and that I am a lion. I have been trying to live as a sheep when I'm a lion, and it has costed me.

Eventually, I told her that I've been surrounded by slaves, and that I've only been exposed to people who acted like victims to reality. I told her that I don't need material support (which they are willing to offer), rather, I finally told her that I need her belief in me. Her [[faith]] in me. Her belief that I'm smart enough and strong enough, that I'm worth betting on.

After this conversation, I feel better about my path forward. Going back to school. She even helped me solidify this [[vision]], my ideal, which is: Move to California, go to school, and work part-[[time]]. Take a loan if I need to, and [[focus]] on a prestigious degree. Ideally I wouldn't need to work part-[[time]], however I am willing to do this if I need to.

# [[Retrocausality]]
