---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-05-23
journal-end-date: 2024-05-23
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Don’t Always Believe Your Eyes

The CBS News reporter Lesley Stahl had been covering the 1984 presidential campaign, and as Election Day neared, she had an uneasy feeling. It wasn’t so much that Ronald Reagan had focused on [[emotions]] and moods rather than hard issues. It was more that the media was giving him a free ride; he and his election team, she felt, were playing the press like a fiddle. She decided to assemble a news piece that would show the public how Reagan used television to cover up the negative effects of his policies. A senior White House official telephoned her the evening it aired: “Great piece,” he said. “What?” asked a stunned Stahl. “Great piece,” he repeated. “Did you listen to what I said?” she asked. “Lesley, when you’re showing four and a half minutes of great pictures of Ronald Reagan, no one listens to what you say. Don’t you know that the pictures are overriding your message because they conflict with your message? The public sees those pictures and they block your message. They didn’t even hear what you said. So, in our minds, it was a four-and-a-half-minute free ad for the Ronald Reagan campaign for reelection.” Most of the men who worked on communications for Reagan had a background in marketing. They knew the importance of telling a story crisply, sharply, and with good visuals. Each morning they went over what the headline of the day should be, and how they could shape this into a short visual piece, getting the president into a video opportunity. They paid detailed attention to the backdrop behind the president in the Oval Office, to the way the camera framed him when he was with other world leaders, and to having him filmed in motion, with his confident walk. The visuals carried the message better than any words could do. As one Reagan official said, “What are you going to believe, the facts or your eyes?”

> Daily Law: Nonplayers are masters at visual effects, to distract from their manipulations. Guard yourself by paying more attention to the content and the facts than the form of their message.
> 
> _The Art of Seduction_: Soft Seduction—How to Sell Anything to the Masses

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: Reflect on a time when you felt truly alive and in the moment.

I feel this way during my walks with Grant. When I am engaged in meaningful conversation, I am absorbed in the moment and I temporarily enter a different state of being. My true state. My original state. It is a state that is increasingly devoid of the governor, the judge, the [[self]]-critic. I am in a state of [[flow]]. My attention is externally directed rather than internally directed. 


# Grant

Selling out vs buying in. It comes down to how much you value your [[self]], your [[authenticity]]. If you believe in yourself enough, you realize that you can exchange a piece of yourself for change in the [[external world]]. That is the act of buying in.

# I want to learn about thinking. 
I like thought. 

# [[Graph theory]]


# [[4 Ladders of [[Wealth]] ]]
[[Entrepreneurship]]

[[Time]] for money 
Hourly 
Salary

Services
Need to learn how to file taxes interface with finances cannot use individual software. How to write contracts. 

Leverage is neither good nor bad it's just a force multiplier
Managing a team

Productized services
Take something that was more flexible, but standardize it
Concert your process into a standardized, repeatable, playbook. 

Sales (selling at scale, productized)
Need a website: 
[[Copywriting]], design, WordPress, convert landing pages

[[Writing]]

# [[Ship 30 for 30]]




