---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-08-21
journal-end-date: 2024-08-21
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [x] AI
- [ ] Entrepreneurship
- [x] Socialization
- [x] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [ ] Twitter
- [x] Breathwork
- [x] Second Brain

# Journal

Today I'm so sad. It's because I had the ways of working meeting where I was penalized for existing. For being my [[self]]. I have people complaining about me because of my personality traits. That I speak too much, or that I mansplain, or that I'm too confident, or that speak too confidently. I am being penalized for not being a slave even though I am forced to be in a slave's position.

I'm sad because I'm in a slave's role even though my soul is a master. I am being asked to become more like a slave. I understand that there are things that I can modify, and that the onus of [[responsibility]] is meet others where they're at. It's the only way to achieve communication.

However, I wonder, what is the point of an interaction? To communicate or to solve the problem that the meeting was organized around? If the former, then I can see why meeting someone where they're at is of utmost importance. However, if it's the latter, then it would make sense to propose solutions.

Ultimately, I learned that there are people I don't want to collaborate with, because I don't think that they would be valuable, however, I am forced to collaborate with them, and therefore I am forced to give their ideas equal value. Are people's ideas equally valuable? Do I actually know that, or do I make assumptions? 

I assume that I already know what they're going to say, and I act accordingly, and I end up being right more often than not.

In this "situation", I realized that the universe is trying to tell me something. In every interaction, the universe is teaching me something. However the lesson here is undecided.

Is the lesson that I need to be like the Tao, understanding, flexible, accommodating, loving and understanding, receptive, open, feminine? Do I need to receive?

Or is the lesson that others' force me to dim my light. That slaves expect me to think and act like a slave (lamb) because those with master (lion) [[morality]] "hurt them" by simply existing.

I can clearly see the master/slave dynamic at play. I don't understand whether I am being told to embrace and stand behind the lion, or become more like a lamb.

Is it a me problem or a them problem? Is it even a problem? Is it a solve?

Currently, I always jump to the conclusion that it's a me problem. And it hurts. It's not my fucking problem. Kim should be intelligent. If someone isn't intelligent, I'm not interested in communicating with them. I'm a fucking lion. Why the fuck do I want to understand what a lamb is talking about. 

# [[Shaman Durek]]

# [[Mob Psycho 100]]

# [[Emotion]]
My [[emotions]] about a subject don't define me. Feeling [[power]]less does not make a [[judgement]] that means that my fundamental nature is that which is meant to be powerless. It is not a signal of alignment, of consolidation, of agreement. [[Emotion]] is not a source of identity, a form of identification of my [[Self]]. Emotional responses do not constitute factual alignment of my [[identity]].

# Sadness
Today I'm sad. Or rather, I feel stuck. It isn't persistent, I'm able to process through it, but it keeps arising. I don't want to be in this relationship with my work any longer. I don't want to work at SCJ any more. It is toxic, and I can't let these people define me any longer. I can't let this situation define me any longer. I know that I don't want to be at SCJ any more, for multiple reasons, however I don't know how to make the transition. I don't know how to leave a toxic work [[environment]] if I don't have a new job lined up. Spirt, what [[Shaman Durek]] says sounds great on paper, it makes me feel good to hear, but I don't know how to make it actionable and sustainable. I can't take the [[risk]] of simply leaving my job without a new job lined up. It just sounds so stupid. I don't know how to resolve following my joy vs following my job. One needs to sustain themselves. The part I don't understand is that how can I [[trust]] the universe to support me after I've left my job if I can't find the universe supporting me before leaving my job. I am ready to leave. I know that I'm not supposed to remain. Universe, show me the path to actualization. The reason I need to leave is that I am being penalized for being my true [[self]].

# [[Loneliness]]
It's not that I'm lonely, it's that I'm under-stimulated. 