---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-06-14
journal-end-date: 2024-06-14
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Deter with a Threatening Presence

> When opponents are unwilling to fight with you, it is because they think it is contrary to their interests, or because you have misled them into thinking so.
> 
> —Sun Tzu

We all have to fit in, play politics, seem nice and accommodating. Most often this works fine, but in moments of danger and difficulty being seen as so nice will work against you: it says that you can be pushed around, discouraged, and obstructed. If you have never been willing to fight back before, no threatening gesture you make will be credible. Understand: there is great value in letting people know that when necessary you can let go of your niceness and be downright difficult and nasty. A few clear, violent demonstrations will suffice. Once people see you as a fighter, they will approach you with a little fear in their hearts. And as Machiavelli said, it is more useful to be feared than to be loved. [[Uncertainty]] is sometimes better than overt threat: if your opponents are never sure what messing with you will cost, they will not want to find out.

> Daily Law: Build up a reputation: You’re a little crazy. Fighting you is not worth it. Create this reputation and make it credible with a few impressive—impressively violent—acts.
> 
> _The 33 Strategies of War_, Strategy 10: Create a Threatening Presence—Deterrence Strategies

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: What’s a book that has sparked your imagination?


# Misc

fWHR measurements
Height 10 cm 
Width 16-18cm

## Find a tailor
https://www.themodestman.com/how-to-find-a-tailor/

# To do: find out all of my interests
, all of the domains that I want to gain experience in, then converge and niche down into about three or so to [[focus]] on. Audit your interests. Right now all you do is dabble. 

# My one remaining impediment
[[Beauty]], [[My Trauma]]


I am ready to move on, but there is single wound that I can’t move past. I need to feel attractive. I need to feel sexually desired. I need to feel attracted to. I need to feel the opposite of rejected. I need to feel beautiful.

I asked myself where did this come from, and initially I couldn’t pinpoint an exact source, but I am realizing it was a combination of breaking up with [[Madeline]] (perhaps I believed that she wouldn’t have left me if I was attractive enough), inability to recover, sliding downwards, losing control, being compared to [[Sean Graham]] as we hung out all of the time and me always being rejected in favor of him and eventually, leaving everyone and retreating into obscurity where I gained weight and did drugs to the point where I killed my [[beauty]]. 

Perhaps it was this envy of Sean that has driven my need to be perceived as beautiful. I wanted to be treated in the same way, with the same reverence, the same preferential treatment. Perhaps all of my mannerisms and drives right now have been influenced by my envy of him. The irony is that the way I am now would beat him in a competition if he were to stay the way he was. I feel I could bridge the difference just through personality. Of course I also realize that at that time, had I known what I know now, I would’ve been the alpha. I would not have been rejected, despite being Indian, being the other. I could’ve turned it into an advantage. 

A particular [[memory]] comes up where I was interested in this girl, or at least I was led to believe that she was attracted to me, her name was Melanie I believe, and I later found out that she only wanted to talk to me because she wanted to know more about Sean. Perhaps I didn’t admit it to myself at the time, but that broke my heart, when she rejected my advances and then started talking about Sean. It made me feel as if I was a second-class human. I don’t want to feel second-class, specifically because I know that that’s not me.

Now I don’t know how to proceed. Sure, I have tied this [[memory]] to [[trauma]], perhaps it’s [[introjection]]. But does that make it any less real? Does it mean that because it was once externally derived, that it has no substance? I am a Leo rising, I want to be the star. This [[jealousy]] would have never arose if I didn’t have an innate desire to be the center of attention. Therefore, to proceed, I don’t know whether I’m supposed to let go of this desire because it’s “fake” or I need to meet this need of my [[inner child]], or inner teen. It doesn’t feel fake. It haunts me. 

Is this introjected need to be beautiful authentic? Yes, it feels authentic as in it drives me and controls me daily. I can’t move past it. I can’t stomach the thought of releasing it because that would be the same as letting go, giving up, the mistake I made all those years ago. If I let go again, I will have truly given up on myself. I must work on myself, rescue my appearance, rescue my stardom my [[inner child]] craves so much, in order to redeem myself. 

My [[inner child]] has always craved this, so it is not wholly introjected, however, there is a certain [[trauma]] regarding Sean and that phase of my life that has imprinted or embedded itself in this aspect of myself. It is authentic, but there is also a wound here that deranges this element of my psyche. 

I won’t be able to move on with my life, to be able to fulfill my [[purpose]], achieve my goals, reach my dreams, as long as this impediment saps my time, energy, and attention. 

# Smile / Teeth

A good rule of thumb for this with thin lips is to smile such that the lower edge of the upper teeth touches the upper edge of the lower lip.

In general, the lower set of teeth should not be visible and your upper lip should be doing all the work in an aesthetic smile. 

The lips should be steady in the middle and curve lightly at the edge. There should be symmetry at the edges.

It shouldn’t take more than 125 milliseconds for the edges to line up when forming a smile. 

If the smile is not lengthy and doesn’t curve around the edges, then it’s best to refrain from showing teeth. 

Proclination of maxillary incisors. 


# [[The Art of Focus]]

Twitter post 
A man can't be called peaceful unless he is first held [[power]] and then makes the conscious choice to relinquish it.

A weak man cannot claim to be peaceful without never having held a sword. 