---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-06-19
journal-end-date: 2024-06-19
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## The Seductive Visuals

> The people are always impressed by the superficial appearance of things.
> 
> —Niccolò Machiavelli

When the con artist Yellow Kid Weil created a newsletter touting the phony stocks he was peddling, he called it the “Red Letter Newsletter” and had it printed, at considerable expense, in red ink. The color created a sense of urgency, [[power]], and good fortune. Weil recognized details like these as keys to [[deception]]—as do modern advertisers and mass-marketers. If you use “gold” in the title of anything you are trying to sell, for example, print it in gold. Since the eye predominates, people will respond more to the color than to the word.

> Daily Law: Never neglect the way you arrange things visually. Factors like color have enormous symbolic resonance.
> 
> _The 48 Laws of Power_, Law 37: Create Compelling Spectacles

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: Express gratitude for the diversity of cultures and perspectives in the world.

# misc

“Acta non verba.” Deeds not words.
# [[how to win friends and influence people]]

# The SEE-I Method For Clear Writing

SEE-I stands for State, Elaborate, Example, and Illustrate.

It’s a step-by-step process for explaining an idea in a concise way. It reduces ambiguity and confusion, giving your readers a clear, easy-to-follow path through your ideas.

How It Works
Step 1: Start with a Statement. Clearly state the concept or idea you're trying to communicate. Make sure it's brief and to the point.

Step 2: Next, Elaborate on that statement. Explain it in your own words, as if you're talking to a friend who's unfamiliar with the topic.

Step 3: Provide an Example (and counter-example). This is where you bring your statement to life. Use a real-world situation or create a hypothetical scenario that illustrates your point

Step 4: Lastly, Illustrate with a metaphor or analogy. This simple comparison can clarify complex ideas and assure your readers truly grasp the concept.

Simple, right?

The reason SEE-I works so well is because it matches how our brains learn best. Stating the main idea first helps you [[focus]] on what you want to say. Elaborating helps you prove or backup the point you want to make. And giving real examples anchors your point in reality and makes your idea easier to remember.

Let’s look at an example.

Example
Suppose we want to explain the concept of "social proof."

You start the process by first stating what you want to say. For example, “Today, we’re diving into social proof.” Once you know what you want to talk about, then all you have to do is work your way down the list one section at at a time.

Like this:

State it: “Most people assume that if a crowd is doing something, then it must be ‘proven.’ ”

Explain: “When you see a crowd doing something, you assume it must be the right thing to do. It's a natural instinct. Our brains are wired to follow the pack, to [[trust]] the masses, and to assume safety in numbers—often unconsciously. This is the [[power]] of social proof.”

Example: “For example, when a restaurant is full, you assume the food must be good. Or when you see the Stanley Quencher Cup on Amazon has 33,430 positive reviews, you assume it makes your lemonade sweeter. But, (counter-example) just because something is popular doesn't always mean it's good. McDonald’s is popular, but not necessarily good for you.”

Illustrate: “Imagine you're walking down a street with two ice cream shops. One has a long line out the door, while the other is empty. Which one are you more likely to choose? The busy one, right? This is how social proof works.”

Each section expands your thinking—and the reader’s comprehension.

## The SEE-I method reflects the passage of time

Statement and Elaborate are from the past.

An example is from the present. Something you can relate to in your immediate experience.

Illustrate comes from the future, it paints a possibility. 

The passage of time itself is formulaic. Time is story. [[Karma]] is time. Time follows rules. [[Karma]] follows rules. [[Fate]] vs [[nihilism]]. 

# what is [[articulation]]?
Clarity, coherency. 

# [[The War of Art]]

