---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-06-07
journal-end-date: 2024-06-07
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## play Your Role Well

In method acting you train yourself to be able to display the proper [[emotions]] on command. You feel sad when your part calls for it by recalling your own experiences that caused such [[emotions]], or if necessary by simply imagining such experiences. The point is that you have control. In real life it is not possible to train ourselves to such a degree, but if you have no control, if you are continually emoting whatever comes to you in the moment, you will subtly signal weakness and an overall lack of [[self]]-mastery_._ Learn how to consciously put yourself in the right emotional mood by imagining how and why you should feel the [[emotion]] suitable to the occasion or performance you are about to give. Surrender to the feeling for the moment so that the face and body are naturally animated. Sometimes, by actually making yourself smile or frown, you will experience some of the [[emotions]] that go with these expressions. Just as important, train yourself to return to a more neutral expression at a natural moment, careful to not go too far with your emoting. Realize the following: the word _personality_ comes from the Latin _persona_, which means “mask.” In public, we all wear masks, and this has a positive function. If we displayed exactly who we are and spoke our minds truthfully, we would offend almost everyone and reveal qualities that are best concealed. Having a persona, playing a role well, actually protects us from people looking too closely at us, with all of the insecurities that would churn up.

> Daily Law: We are all actors in the theater of life and the better you play your role and wear the proper mask, the more [[power]] you will accrue.
> 
> _The Laws of Human Nature_, 3: See Through People’s Masks—The Law of Role-Playing

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: Reflect on a time when you felt truly appreciated for your efforts.

# [[Twitter]] post

## [[Astrology]] clock metaphor

People misunderstand [[astrology]].

Just as a clock doesn't emit time waves, the planets don't “influence” us.

The zodiac symbolically represents the psyche in the same way that a clock represents time.

The microcosm and macrocosm see themselves in each other’s eyes across the mirror.

//
People misunderstand [[astrology]].

Just as a clock doesn't emit time waves, the planets don't “influence” us.

The zodiac symbolically represents the psyche, just as a clock represents time.
//


# everything I've been telling myself has been a lie 
Everything I've been telling myself up until now has been a lie to avoid the [[pain]] of realizing I lost my best friend and lover. I have been hemorrhaging ever since and once again dissociated into dreams of grandeur. It's why I like the energy to actually do anything other than dissociate the one thing I actually know how to do well. 

## last night's dream about Victoria 

I had a particularly salient dream where of his going through a breakup process with Victoria at our old place in Milwaukee however this time we played it out differently however this time I was able to express how upset I was at her, how I felt angry at her, how I felt betrayed, how I felt that she kept on clinging on to me and not letting me go, how she made me feel guilty and therefore obligated to pay to move all of her stuff. In this dream the decision to split up was more equal and therefore I was able to outsource more of the [[responsibility]] to her. 

# Heroism 

A hero is only a hero because they serve others it is an externally defined role.

# [[Change Your Life In 365 Hours (The New Rich [[Focus]] On These Tasks Daily)]]


# [[Purpose]] - [[Convergence]]

I need to choose a single project and converge. I need to create a product while working on building a following. I’m too divergent and I lack impulse control. I have the [[narcissism]], I have the chip on my shoulder, however I lack the impulse control to converge onto a single path. 

I don’t want to choose because I find convergence distasteful. My life’s circumstances are here to teach me lessons. One of the lessons I am learning is what happens when one is too divergent. I don’t want to end up like Phillip because he is okay with his circumstances. He is okay with his lot. He is okay with being a cog in the machine. His role gives him the autonomy that he requires and he doesn’t want to explore life any more. He is conservative in his outlook, as pretty much everyone I have come into contact with is so far. 

I need to learn convergence. How can I increase it? Perhaps through [[meditation]] on an object.

Trataka - a form of [[meditation]] that involves focusing the eyes and mind on a single point, typically a candle flame, to develop concentration, clear the mind, and strengthen the eyes. 

# [[My Traumas]]

# [[The 2 Hour Writer]] 

Music is liquid architecture, architecture is frozen music. – Johann Wolfgang von Goethe



