---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-06-11
journal-end-date: 2024-06-11
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## Strike the Shepherd

> When the tree falls, the monkeys scatter.
> 
> —Chinese saying

Within any group, trouble can most often be traced to a single source—the unhappy, chronically dissatisfied one who will always stir up dissension and infect the group with his or her ill ease. Before you know what hit you, the dissatisfaction spreads. Act before it becomes impossible to disentangle one strand of misery from another, or to see how the whole thing started. First, recognize troublemakers by their overbearing presence, or by their complaining nature. Once you spot them do not try to reform them or appease them—that will only make things worse. Do not attack them, whether directly or indirectly, for they are poisonous in nature and will work underground to destroy you. Do this instead: Banish them before it is too late. Separate them from the group before they become the eye of a whirlpool. Do not give them time to stir up anxieties and sow discontent; do not give them room to move. Let one person suffer so that the rest can live in [[peace]].

> Daily Law: When the leader is gone, the center of gravity is gone; there is nothing to revolve around and everything falls apart. Strike at the source of the trouble and the sheep will scatter.
> 
> _The 48 Laws of Power_, Law 42: Strike the Shepherd and the Sheep Will Scatter

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: Write about a time when you demonstrated patience.

# the Frankfurt school
[[Philosophize This!]]

Camus
[[Sisyphus]] only feels [[pain]] when he stops to reflect on his situation, when he stops and looks and analyzes his [[environment]]. When he starts to compare and relate, when he seeks environmental [[validation]] calibration. 

The contrast between reflection and lived experience 
When we reflect we stop engaging in action, we stop doing. Using capacity to reason. Reflection is arrogant because it assumes that you have the capacity to resend the entire universe. What if reason isn't the right tool for the job? Reflection is not the right tool for deriving meaning. 



# [[how to fall in [[love]] with life]]

# YouTube Reply

Come to terms with what matters in life. Have your cake or eating your cake. There's a balance but I know for me that I care about myself far too much to accommodate others' schedules over my own well-being.

dude, you're gonna care about yourself so much you stop seeing your spouse and children, your friends? 'What matters in life' is severing your [[relationships]] and getting socially isolated? That's the opposite of what this whole channel teaches

You make a fair point. The way I am operationally defining "my own well-being" refers to the fulfillment and progress through Maslow's hierarchy of needs. Seeing your spouse and children does bring personal well-being. Alternatively, there are [[relationships]] that don't necessarily contribute to this well-being. I envision [[relationships]] as food. There is healthy nutritional food that your body needs for physiological function, and there is junk food that your brain craves, based on the dopaminergic system. My original comment suggested that prioritizing junk food over healthy food comes with an opportunity cost based on time and satiety.

# Twitter post

Life will challenge you, but choosing deliberate challenges gives you agency and meaning.

Life will challenge you without asking for permission. This is a loss in agency.

Life will be challenging no matter what. You may as well choose deliberate challenges and work your agency muscle.







