---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-02-29
journal-end-date: 2024-02-29
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Transits
| Time | Event |
|------|-------|
| 09:07 | Mercury Conjunct Saturn |
| 02:42 | Sun Conjunct Mercury |
| 00:00 | Moon in Libra |
| 21:08 | Moon Enters Scorpio |
| 15:25 | Sun Conjunct Saturn |



# Journal
You are a confluence of ALL of your life experiences, all at once, non-linearly . You seem to think it's linear, there are substrates, the deeper the layer, the farther back in history. The less developed, the more hidden, the less likelihood I will have to think about it. I can't bury my past any longer, it isn't downwards. The self is quantum, I am every Amrit, all at once. The selves I don't have access to bring down the average. Each hidden self I liberate increases my power. I unburden myself.

[[Manipura chakra]]: this feeling in my gut. It feels like a burning wound. A leaking wound. As if energy/mana is leaking out of a wound, a tear, a rupture. But what if it's the feeling of a roaring furnace? While at work, I get pangs of anxiety based on a fear of not being enough. Not doing enough. Fear I will be banished for not performing well enough, for not trying hard enough. I can't just concentrate on my work, in a state of flow, from a place of safety. 

As soon you process something, it changes into its next form,  the universe change, unfolding forms. What you resist, persists, but it goes against the universe. If you need something too badly, you will sabotage your progress in order to  stay in a state of need. This is resistance.

I need to feel like I'm enough. That I'm satisfied. That I'm at ease with myself. The opposite of lack. 

Victoria was my shadow. My pain body receptacle, pain body partner, dance partner.



