---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-02-25
journal-end-date: 2024-02-25
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Transits

| [[Time]] | Event |
|------|-------|
| 12:03 | [[Venus]] Trine [[Saturn]] |
| 06:22 | [[Moon]] Enters [[Scorpio]] |
| 05:40 | [[Moon]] v/c |
| 01:46 | [[Mercury]] Quincunx [[Saturn]] |



# Journal

My life must be on my terms! I cannot accept the [[determination]] of another.

Have you realized you keep trying to take [[identity]] from somewhere else? If it validates your desires, you are enthused. You literally cannot be anything or anyone other than who you are, regardless of definition.

I am on a quest for my [[identity]]. I have been massively triggered by being labelled a generator, and finding myself agreeing with so much of it. This is clearly a shadow that requires integration. I am beginning to see that now. Whether I take after my [[mother]] or my [[father]] is not a [[zero-sum game]]. This belief is what is causing my [[identity]] crisis. The [[truth]] is, no system is perfect, this is what [[Jaswant]] was trying to teach me. It is my job, and my job alone to build my [[identity]] based on only the pieces that I verify. It is my choice. No one can tell me who I am, or impose a definition onto me.  Even if that's what I have desperately sought after in the past the trigger and discover that the generator, my [[father]] (as I defined him) represents traits, the totem of my [[father]] that is, represents traits that I have repressed due to my overbearing [[mother]]. It will benefit me to integrate my [[father]]'s shadow into myself. That does not mean it will take me over and consume me, it will instead be an integration of a [[peace]] lost to me. The [[power]] I gain may be immense. Or the [[peace]]. Whichever it is, I will be better for it.

Every sin I levied against [[Victoria]] was a shadow projection of pieces  of myself that I wished to dispose of, to rid myself of, to forget, so that I might be worthy (in my [[mother]]'s eyes). Our relationship was an imprint, where she represented my [[father]], and I acted as my [[mother]]. This is what I had learned what [[love]] was. We were just engaging in a play. This hurts because it means the play is over for her which means I was abandoned to fend for myself. It also means I no longer derive [[identity]] as her savior, protector, [[father]]-figure. When I met her, I was in a liminal state where I had tried to manifest a path for myself but failed continuously (Alyssa)  until I gave up and started playing videogames again. I must have drawn her from the aether, or she to me. She gave me an [[identity]] after I had failed and given up on constructing my own after graduating  from college. I never grew up. I never transitioned to an adult. I instead co-opted the [[identity]] she gave me. I wasn't right for me (or so I believed) but it filled the voice I have. It gave me [[purpose]],  [[identity]]. It was a drug. It was avoidance. I was never able to see the real her. And now she's gone. If/when we connect again, she will be a stranger to me. This hurts so much, even if necessary.

I now understand why Rand Al'thor and Luke Skywalker lose their hand as a part of their story. With each of them, their [[identity]] as swordsman, heroes that carve their own [[fate]], is taken away from them by [[fate]]. It is a piece of themselves, central to t heir [[identity]] that  is just gone. They are forced to build a new path, a new [[identity]]. Nothing short of losing a piece of themselves would have caused them to grow in the direction that [[fate]] required of them. The hero must sacrifice a piece of themselves to [[fate]], otherwise they will continue in their delusion. I didn't have a choice. I would have never woken up. i know this, but still, the loss of her aches as if I lost a piece of myself, my heart, my home. I can no longer wield the sword, and a swordsman was my [[identity]]. Admittedly I wasn't a particularly swordsman. We end up learning that Rand had no use for the sword because he could wield the One [[Power]] to an extent that made swordsmanship silly. He would be wasting be wasting his [[time]] restricting himself to the sword. His [[identity]] as the Dragon Reborn, not greatest swordsman of the land.

I feel so weak, so small, a dissolution of the ego. A true [[death]]. I have no will, no [[power]] that drives me. If that [[power]] was folly, if it was false, I wonder why am I  not abandoning reality entirely. I feel like a timid, scared little boy. I don't want to do anything other than hide. I have constant [[anxiety]]. Waves crash from my [[Manipura Chakra]], Solar Plexus, upper/middle gut area. Danger! Danger! Danger! I feel even a small breeze may snuff me out. The Proud One is gone. What am I going to do without him?

[[Victoria]] needed a hero and she called forth a hero out of me. Now that a hero is no longer needed, where did he go? I am left as a weakling. Sad, alone, scared, pitiful. I am reintegrating all of my unwanted traits I disposed of within [[Victoria]]. After she released me, she she also quit as the repository of my unwanted [[emotions]] and traits. I am now stuck with my "trash", however I know that it isn't trash. It's me, it requires integration for a complete and balanced individual. I hope that as I reintegrate, balance returns. I feel so vulnerable right now. Can I become my own cellar or do I need to find another one?

We aren't a "we" anymore. I'm just a me. [[Victoria]] lied to me all this [[time]]. Behind that smile were the daggers of vengeance. She was a coward. She didn't help me after she healed. 

