---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-08-06
journal-end-date: 2024-08-06
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [ ] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [x] AI
- [ ] Entrepreneurship
- [ ] Socialization
- [x] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [x] Twitter
- [ ] Breathwork
- [ ] Second Brain

# Journal

[[Pain]] is a signal that your model of reality is incorrect. 

[[Pain]] is reality chiding you for having a deviant model. 

## Work

Today I had a horrible day at work. First, at the behest of BPT, I decided to go home to test off of the network by working from home for the remainder of the day. This was a problem for Kendra because she jumped down my throat about me not being allowed to work from home because I had somehow violated some agreement, which I know I did not. It was really strange. I don't understand why she hates me so much!

Later, I was in the FL meeting where Dan baited me into my losing my cool. This isn't entirely true. I lost my cool, plain and simple. Other people are not responsible for my emotional state. I lost my cool, and Megan sounded upset. This means that she will complain to Kendra. The issue is that Kendra is not on my side. She is looking for a reason to reprimand me and I gave her a way in.

I am scared because my life is ramping up to a point where I need to move out, I have expenses including a new car, and now, I may be losing my steady source of income. This is the worst time for me to be attacked by the universe. However, I wanted freedom, and now, it may be forced on me. I feel like the Universe is testing me at the most inopportune moment. 

I don't know what I'm supposed to do! Everyone says God comes in and saves you, however I've read the book of Job. I know what sorts of plans "God" has. I find it ironic that I invoke that book when talking about my job haha. I've recently taken an interest in UX Researcher as a possible [[career]] direction however on one hand, I am still a time slave no matter what, however, on the other hand, I don't know how I'm supposed to become an entrepreneur. If I had a chance to be one, an easy path that I could see, would've been to continue working as a DDS for a few months. However now, I may not have that chance anymore. Why give me this new direction, and then take away whatever safety net I had? I have enough savings for about 6 months' of job hunting or business building.

For once, I just want life to give me a break. I know that technically this DDS role was that break, however it still kept me in a state of want. Sure, part of that was my fault, however, I was unstimulated. I couldn't learn from anyone anything that I wanted.  The lessons that were put in front of me were the worse kinds, the types of lessons on how to show humility in the face of evil, on how to deal with insincerity. How corporate America is bullshit.

Is there no reality where a person can thrive, be stimulated, grow and learn and excel and enjoy the process? I feel like there has to be some jobs that are in alignment with oneself.  This was certainly not one of them. However, it was still a paycheck while I figure out how to build a business.