---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-06-27
journal-end-date: 2024-06-27
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## play to People’s Fantasies

> The most detested person in the world is the one who always tells the [[truth]], who never romances. . . . I found it far more interesting and profitable to romance than to tell the [[truth]].
> 
> Joseph Weil, AKA “The Yellow Kid”

The [[truth]] is often avoided because it is ugly and unpleasant. Never appeal to [[truth]] and reality unless you are prepared for the [[anger]] that comes from disenchantment. To gain [[power]], you must be a source of pleasure for those around you—and pleasure comes from playing to people’s fantasies. Never promise a gradual improvement through hard work; rather, promise the moon, the great and sudden [[transformation]], the pot of gold.

> Daily Law: Life is so harsh and distressing that people who can manufacture romance or conjure up fantasy are like oases in the desert: everyone flocks to them. There is great [[power]] in tapping into the fantasies of the masses.
> 
> _The 48 Laws of Power_, Law 32: play to People’s Fantasies


# Morning Journal

1. What’s something I’m **grateful** for?
	1. 
2. What’s something I’m **excited** about?
	1. 
3. What is a **[[virtue]]** I want to exhibit?
	1. 
4. What’s something I’m **avoiding**?
	1. 
5. What’s the one thing I **need to do**?
	1. 



# Misc
You think that the opposite of seeing things in black and white would be gray, but it’s actually seeing in color.

Seeing the world in black and white vs seeing in color.

>The opposite of seeing things in black and white isn't gray; it's seeing things in color.

Don't tell someone that they're wrong for feeling the way they do, even if it's true. The reason is is that you have a much deeper obligation, a much deeper challenge to help them rebuild their inner map. Doing that directly creates ill will and makes the process take that much longer.