---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-06-06
journal-end-date: 2024-06-06
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Daily Law
## play Your Role Well

In method acting you train yourself to be able to display the proper [[emotions]] on command. You feel sad when your part calls for it by recalling your own experiences that caused such [[emotions]], or if necessary by simply imagining such experiences. The point is that you have control. In real life it is not possible to train ourselves to such a degree, but if you have no control, if you are continually emoting whatever comes to you in the moment, you will subtly signal weakness and an overall lack of [[self]]-mastery_._ Learn how to consciously put yourself in the right emotional mood by imagining how and why you should feel the [[emotion]] suitable to the occasion or performance you are about to give. Surrender to the feeling for the moment so that the face and body are naturally animated. Sometimes, by actually making yourself smile or frown, you will experience some of the [[emotions]] that go with these expressions. Just as important, train yourself to return to a more neutral expression at a natural moment, careful to not go too far with your emoting. Realize the following: the word _personality_ comes from the Latin _persona_, which means “mask.” In public, we all wear masks, and this has a positive function. If we displayed exactly who we are and spoke our minds truthfully, we would offend almost everyone and reveal qualities that are best concealed. Having a persona, playing a role well, actually protects us from people looking too closely at us, with all of the insecurities that would churn up.

> Daily Law: We are all actors in the theater of life and the better you play your role and wear the proper mask, the more [[power]] you will accrue.
> 
> _The Laws of Human Nature_, 3: See Through People’s Masks—The Law of Role-Playing

# Daily [[Gratitude]]: Reflect on a time when you felt truly appreciated for your efforts.


# [[How To Get Laid - Part 3 - The Top Principles Of Game]]



# Conversation with [[Victoria]]

Are you trying to go the influencer route or something else?
This has a complex answer but I'll try to touch on it high-level. (edited)

We're in the fourth industrial revolution where the primary output, the primary value driver in this economy is shifting away from advertisement to ideas. In this new economy, it's thinkers that create the most value. The digital marketplace, i.e. social media is where most value is created and therefore, if you want to be a successful entrepreneur, you will have to learn to leverage this domain.

The most concise answer is both yes and no.

If you envision human consciousness as data, then the collective consciousness is the global data model. Social media is the tangible medium through which we are housing the collective consciousness that Jung hypothesized.

If you want to get anything done, including being a writer, it needs to be done through this avenue now to see true, reliable [[success]].

>1. We are all an unfolding process. I am not really concerned as much with the specifics anymore. We need to see it through to the end and [[karma]] (our circumstances) are there to prompt growth and change. If you have metabolized that growth and change, then it makes sense that you go to the next stage of unfolding. It doesn't make any sense to just endure the same circumstances indefinitely.

# [[My Goals]]



# [[Karma yoga]]


# [[Exegesis]] - critical explanation or interpretation of a text, especially of [scripture](https://www.google.com/search?sca_esv=0fe395fae313f6fd&rlz=1C1CHBF_enUS873US873&sxsrf=ADLYWIL47hxKViEj7G5mxaSSx096jk-YXQ:1717703129452&q=scripture&si=ACC90nxMSPeZfdJJjQgDsdZJuFuJdijbk51BW9NFcKIFr7uG7LlV9rnkmKC-CdhTcxQdAf8lsRVsUW8E4NRhZVcXku0cT8RGETTU7Bto63vRj9S42eCyVGY%3D&expnd=1&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwjx4fDm3seGAxUnmIkEHRhFCG4QyecJegQIKRAO)
# [Isochronic tones](https://www.diygenius.com/isochronic-tones/)

# The [[failure]] threshold
[[Dan Koe]]
There are a minimum amount of failures you need to go through before you achieve any kind of [[success]]. It doesn't matter how much you learn or practice. If you aren't building in the real world, you are delaying those failures (and your [[success]]) longer.

# [[Twitter]] Post

If you envision human consciousness as data, then Jung’s collective unconscious is the global data model. Social media is the medium through which we bring it to life. 

