---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-07-31
journal-end-date: 2024-07-31
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [x] AI
- [ ] Entrepreneurship
- [x] Socialization
- [ ] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [x] Twitter
- [x] Breathwork
- [x] Second Brain

# Journal

Today I continue to get triggered whenever I think of how useless my [[father]] has been as a man, as a husband, and especially as a [[father]]. I ask, how can such a useless being require so much attention from everyone around him? He was useless in life, did nothing, a drain on resources, and now, close to [[death]], he is even more useless. He takes and takes and takes and he contributed and will contribute nothing of value. He has only tears for everyone around him. What kind of man is that?

I am poisoned by my hatred of him. I am continuously triggered with means that there is something like this as a shadow within myself. 

I also wondered whether it's morally justifiable to forgive a transgression so heinous against me. He is a criminal. I can never forgive him. I asked myself if I would forgive him and my response was a vehement "NO!" There is no rationalization. I don't care what he went through, I don't care what his circumstances were. I don't care what deterministic forces led to him making the choices that he made. He is ultimately responsible for his betrayal of me as my [[father]]. He cannot be forgiven. He is a criminal for being too weak to be a man. He must be punished for his crime. Indefinitely. 

I don't want to be the jailer, I don't want to dole out the sentence. It is his [[karma]], he should suffer on his own. I want to be free of my [[4th house]] prison. I don't like my family. They are all reminders of filth. Of [[failure]]. Of the rot that I come from. I see my mom's side of the family being successful and that doesn't fill me with hope as an outside observer would expect, it only enrages me further. I want to get away from, and disown all of my family. They remind me of only [[pain]]. I don't want anything to do with them. They are low, weak, boring, and for my dad's side, I can only say that my dad is all that I need to know. They themselves weren't there to help me or save me when I needed them, and they enable my dad, so they are also useless. My mom is just as useless though. An escapist coward. She wouldn't defend her own heart and her only solution was suicide. However, she's too indecisive or cowardly for that, so now she lives a prison-life and escapes it with [[religion]]. Jai is just...a product of [[pain]] and he takes more after my [[father]], so he is fucked. Poor guy, Jai didn't deserve the corruption either; but I don't want to be associated with weakness and [[failure]]. I don't like my family and I want to forget them and move on to a new life but...what keeps me here?

You would think that if I felt this strongly, the Universe would have provided some sort of avenue, some path that I could work towards, but I simply can't find a foothold. Alternatively, this is all copium, and something keeps me here. My greatest fear is that I want to be here because I know that I am filth just like them. That's my shadow. That this is my home, I am the [[4th house]] prison, I am with my fellow inmates and there is no escape. Every time I try, I am sucked back here.


# Innovation with a crime in the 16th century
https://youtu.be/M07_p_9vIlc

Innovatio - in (within) + novatas (renewal, return).

To restore to the (perfectly) Good, the Golden Age. All other innovation is deviation. 

Perfectability

Intellectual History by Godin

Language is the normative force 

Technology levers up. It creates higher highs and lower lows. It increases volatility.

Pascal - can I work the machine? 

Reason to or recent from first principles? Kant.

Girard - mimetics - imitated God, then aristocrats, then each other. Dissatisfied at each stage. Turned into [[self]] loathing. 

# PROMPT OF THE DAY
## Strategies for staying on task

Prompt: I struggle with staying focused on my tasks due to my [[ADHD]]. Can you suggest some strategies or techniques to help me maintain [[focus]] and be more productive?

Follow-up prompt: I need to [task], but it feels overwhelming. Can you help me break it down into smaller steps?