---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-08-12
journal-end-date: 2024-08-12
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Workout
- [x] Inner Work
- [x] AI
- [ ] Entrepreneurship
- [x] Socialization
- [ ] Meditation
- [x] Walk
- [x] Twitter
- [x] Breathwork
- [ ] Second Brain

# Journal

# [[Statistics]]

# [[Thinking Fast and Slow]]

# [[Alan Watts]]

# [[Nostalgia]]
As I listen to my videogame music playlist, waves of [[regret]], longing, [[nostalgia]], frustration, awe, sorrow, [[regret]] wash over me. Each song brings me near to tears while I am at work trying to work on some [[python]].

Each emotional wave wracks me with the [[pain]] of having wasted my life. I feel such sorrow for who I've become. My life was so unfulfilled at that time. I was always in a state of longing, of want. I played videogames because I didn't have any other choice. Right? And yet, I was obsessed with videogames. These [[emotions]] that were evoked from playing these games. These cherished memories. Of a simpler time. Masturbatory. I was in revery. Stuck in the world of my dreams. My life was a living dream. I was the Wind Fish. I dreamed worlds. These worlds were my home. I ran away from the world and videogames were my refuge. It was true escapism. I escaped into my worlds for so long that my physical being wasted away. In the game I was supposed to be playing, I was set to idle. The game of real life can't be paused. You can only sit idle, at home, in a safe place. But it's dangerous outside. So I never went anywhere. 

I feel [[regret]] for the [[pain]], sorrow, and [[loneliness]] that prompted my flight from reality however, I came to [[love]] my home away from home. My land of living dream. 

Now, during this Mercury retrograde, I'm unsure what to make of this massive [[nostalgia]]. My [[emotions]] are bittersweet however the bitterness is more salient, despite both parts being equal. 

I did waste my life, this much can't be argued. However, I'm starting to question my [[values]]. If I were to follow my heart, what is it that I actually want out of life? This emotional response is so strong, so visceral. I've never felt this drive towards anything external, such as my [[career]], ambitions, goals, money, materialism, etc. The things I'm "supposed to want". 

Listening to these songs, I feel a pit in my stomach. This sorrow, why? Why do I feel such bittersweet sorrow? My childhood, younger teenage years. I was growing and evolving into something, and it was cut short. I was turning into something wonderful, and I was halted, interrupted by my parents. I was cut back into my shell, back into my cell. 

So far, the strongest emotional responses are of course: persistent anxiety and fear of [[regret]]. [[Regret]] itself for the passage of time. A funeral bell for unfulfilled dreams. Due to my age, I'm realizing that some of my dreams may actually be impossible. This is [[death]]. [[Death]] of a dream. 

I found myself missing Victoria so badly. This is the first time I've had this [[emotion]] consciously. I wondered whether my true identity is that gamer, that dreamer, that escaper. For that one, Victoria was a great co-dreamer. For a time, in our [[pain]] of loss, driven into our collective cells, we decided to co-habit the same cell for a time. Lost in slumber. Lost in dreams of reverie, escapism. We escaped for a time. The fun that we had makes me weep. Playing WoW, playing all of those games, over and over again. How could that have been a waste? It seems that's what I actually want. My heart is driven by [[nostalgia]] and [[pain]] and [[regret]] and loss, and bitter-sweetness. It pulls into my reality, these same [[emotions]]. In order to maintain my dreaming, I must push away anything that would cause me to wake up. 

It turns out I may be much more like my family than I'm willing to admit. Perhaps I'm desperate to reject that I'm just like them, hyper-traditionalists, perhaps I'm the most nostalgic of them all. So driven by it that I can't even see the water I swim in for what it is, and pretend it's air, and that I'm a bird.

I live in the past, and that past is the pit in my stomach. However, I say that I want freedom. But would freedom, new experiences, new life give me what I want. Would I find it just as unfulfilling as I've found a constrained life? Is it the constraints, or is it me?

What kind of girl do I want? What kind of life do I want? I've realized that I may be too old to "play the field". I spent my life dreaming. If I really wanted to play the field, couldn't I have just done it? I claim that it was [[trauma]] that led me into the event horizon of [[nostalgia]]/dreaming. Was I driven there by circumstances, by painful events, by learned helpfulness; or did I secretly want to be there, was it my inner true [[self]] that wanted to be there, and would have made me go there regardless of circumstances. What if these life circumstances were such that the easiest path for the highest amount of time spent in dream-reverie-escapism was achieved. My life has been a waste, however if dreams were currency, then I'd be a king. For I dreamt for decades. 

What's more strange, I play no games. How could this have happened? I can't allow myself to play games while my life is in shambles like this. Perhaps I will reintegrate the dreamer-reveler-escaper at some point in my life when I have earned some semblance of time-freedom.

Do I want a wife? A family? Do I want money and novel experiences? Do I want excitement in the [[external world]]? Or do I just want to be lost in my games for the rest of my life? VR will likely be available in my lifetime. I don't know who the real me is anymore. Could it be both? If that's the case, then how should I integrate these two seemingly opposed drives. How can I have novelty and excitement in the [[external world]] and a family. I can either have [[sex]] with random beautiful women, or one woman who I will eventually get bored of, but who will require that I'm not bored of her. I can also have a family however I need to go out into the world to find her. I need to go out into the world to make a child, a house, a home, a family. As a husband and [[father]], my role is to shape the [[environment]]. And then, the final drive, the world of my dreams. Can all 3 of these drives be satisfied? Are they all mine?

Again, I weep over my lost years. Perhaps I still enjoyed them, however there was an opportunity cost. I fear that I have allowed my dreams to expire, or at least one of them. I may not have the ability to travel the world, see the stars, see all of the amazing sights and sounds of the world, to explore. I need money. That kind of money takes time. I also need to find a mate. I am feeling pretty lonely these days. Sure, I could live the rest of my life alone with a [[sex]] robot and AI if push comes to shove, but I feel with such a large world, surely I don't need that. I simply need my [[environment]] to contain people I'm interested. The world I'm in now does not contain anyone I'm interested in. I've tried networking, I've tried reaching out, I've tried connecting. I even made a friend or 2, however, it's just mid. Not the type of depth that my Scorpio Moon/Venus/Pluto requires.

Of course it's a me problem.

# Gaia Theory
The day and night cycle is the heartbeat. The trees, rainforests are the lungs, The oceans are the blood supply, and we are the neurons.

# [[Neuro-linguistic programming ]]


# Stellium [[4th house]]
## Ancestral [[karma]]
Stellium in the [[4th house]]. Has to do with past life or ancestry. Light a candle for your ancestors, do rituals for your ancestral line, appreciate them, because you have taken on (been burdened with) some kind of [[karma]] (a curse) from them and you don't want to get angry about it because you want to respect your ancestors and really try to heal it so that you can move on. 

Healing your past and living in the present. Don't obsess over what your parents did to you, heal it, give it a place and see it as part of you and it makes you the person you are today. [[Trauma]] healing. There is a strength that arises from whatever happens in your life. 

You can break this curse. You can heal it forward and backwards through time.

## Stellium in the [[8th house ([[astrology]])]]
Other people's money, debts, joint ventures, [[sexuality]] (either obsessed or uncomfortable), depending on other peoples' money.

Can be overly dependent on others' money.

Cycles. Repetitive situations happen until you've decided you've had enough, have you learned your lesson? 

Occult. Obsessed with the occult. Always want to be in control. Learn the occult but let things [[flow]] naturally, you can't always know the answers before they come (and you might not want to). You need to [[trust]] the divine sometimes. Also go on the other side, Taurus, earthy sign, we are here to do earthly stuff; not only astral traveling.

[[Scorpio]].

Addictions, goes in the depths, and then rises up. 

A healer isn't born in a perfect situation. You learn how to heal based on you healing yourself. "I've been there, done that."

Be careful who you sign contracts with or lend money to.


