---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-11-15
journal-end-date: 2024-11-15
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [x] Inner Work
- [ ] AI
- [ ] Writing
- [x] Socialization
- [ ] Meditation
- [x] Journal


# Transits

| [[Time]] | Event                        |
| -------- | ---------------------------- |
| 17:31    | [[Moon]] Conjunct [[Uranus]] |
| 15:28    | Full [[Moon]] - 24 Taurus    |
| 00:00    | [[Moon]] in Taurus           |
| 08:20    | [[Saturn]] goes Direct       |



# Journal

Today my [[mother]] tried to tell me that I'm supposed to be humble and respectful. I think the word she was looking for was reverent. I explained my view that [[truth]] can't be that simple, [[the Sun]] as [[God]], the body as a symbol of [[God]], deism.

Today I found out that Sikhism doesn't forbid meat. 

Today I didn't do the things that would get me to where I want to go, however, I've explored where it is I'm going. Perhaps I don't know where that is.

Things I like:
- Inner work - learning more about myself.  I want to know myself, unlock my potential, and become a [[god]] to be worshipped
- Talking, pontificating, teaching my POV to those who are ignorant
- Philosophizing about the meaning of existence
- Telling people how they should live
- Solving problems through technology
- Using technology
- Winning through help from technology
- Winning
- Understanding the way the Universe works
- Understanding the mind, the body, the soul
- I like talking more than [[writing]], however if I knew people were reading it, I could see myself treating it the same
- I like solving my problems as well as  other problems
- I want to be the hero, to be praised, to be recognized as the hero
- I want to be known
- I like gaming, being in dreams, dreaming, reverie, fantasy. I really miss gaming, specifically fantasy rpg's and MMO's. I like reading about fantasy. I like other worlds. Worlds that are bigger, better, larger than life. Life itself is so dismal. 
- I [[love]] stories
- Solving my [[pain]]

Today I ate a pound of brisket from Dragon Pit BBQ was amazing.

I saw my life symbolized by my [[memory]] of playing Pokémon as a child. I labored over the best starter, and chose Charmander even though the guides had stated that it was not the optimal pick, I just like dragons. I persisted even though it was the suboptimal pick because of the "rule of cool". However, the [[memory]] that I will never forget, was the transition from the 3rd badge to the 4th badge. Trying to find the way through Rock Cavern, completely dark, was awful, it was impossible. I couldn't do it and I tried so hard stumbling in the dark, trying to find my way, because I couldn't conceive of the fact that I was supposed to use the HM05, Flash, in order to illuminate the cave. I thought that games are just supposed to be hard, and a completely dark cave was simply another trial I was supposed to face. Perhaps NPC's had alluded to HM05, however I had never seen an HM, a move that can be used in and out of combat. I may have even tried to go straight from badge 2, to badge 4 without going south first. Regardless, when I finally figured it out (I think I had to read a guide, or somebody told me), I was so relieved and I was so amazed that what I thought was an impossible wandering was actually so easy. I quickly swept through the cave. And when I finally got to Celadon city, the game opened up to what could be considered mid-game. To top it off, all of that wandering had leveled my Charmeleon something fierce, I believe it was around level 32, so close to being a Charizard at level 36. Additionally, I finally made it to the gym where my Charizard countered the gym (I had to beat Brock and Misty the hard way because they countered my starter). I summarily swept through the rest of the game and I loved every second of it. The [[time]] I spent in Rock Cavern, while painful, unnecessary, and frustrating, ended up setting me up for a level of enjoyment that I may not have experienced had I played the game "correctly" by immediately getting Flash and getting to Celadon city with much lower level Pokémon.

This gives me hope because perhaps my life's path has proceeded similarly. Perhaps up until now, I've been wandering through Rock Cavern without Flash. Where is my Flash? Ironically, I had to go backwards a bit to go and get Flash, perhaps change my lineup to get a Pokémon that could learn Flash, before I could move forward. What is my Flash?

