---
journal: Life
journal-start-date: 2024-09-20
journal-end-date: 2024-09-20
journal-section: day
---

```calendar-nav
```

# Dailies

- [ ] Workout
- [ ] Inner Work
- [ ] AI
- [ ] Writing
- [ ] Socialization
- [ ] Meditation
- [ ] Walk
- [ ] X
- [ ] Breathwork
- [ ] Second Brain


# Transits
| [[Time]] | Event |
|------|-------|
| 09:04 | Sun Trine [[Uranus]] |
| 00:00 | [[Moon]] in Aries |




# Journal

Accept each moment as if you had chosen it as means to metabolize suffering.

Bias (underfitting) vs Variance (overfitting) Tradeoff

# Resistance to Fate
The [[fate]] you resist is that you will have to endure [[uncertainty]] and [[pain]] for months while still putting forth effort, without a promise of reward. This is the leap of [[faith]], acting before you're ready. You will have to learn [[resilience]] while maintaining effort. 
- I don't accept this however this at least clarifies what I've been dreading all this [[time]]. I don't think it's fair to ask that of a person. I can see how it would prepare me for a new level of achievement, I just don't understand why I need to do it during [[scarcity]] vs [[abundance]]?
- they are going to force me to endure [[shame]]. That is my test. Can I endure being low and weak and small and powerless. I already said I can't so please stop.
- I don't want to be in limbo any longer. I am sick of being stuck in this liminal state. I don't want to tolerate this state. I don't want to learn to endure this state. I want out immediately. You can't possibly tell me that my [[tarot]] reading yesterday was telling me to accept unjust treatment and "take the high road". What is the difference between conflict and standing up for myself and for what's right? I don't understand why the Universe is placing me in these situations? What could be gained from an unwinnable scenario? Either I sacrifice my integrity, or I sacrifice my [[security]]. I am a loser no matter which route I take. I just can't stomach sacrificing my integrity. What sort of lesson is this? Sacrificing my integrity cannot be the only choice. Why would I be told to avoid conflict when that conflict is the cost of my [[pride]]? Am I being told that I need to kowtow. Is my lesson to bend the knee and roll over, like a dog?
- I [[fear]] having to endure humiliation at the hands of a tyrant. I [[fear]] having to hear an unjust sentence. 
- I [[fear]] disempowerment. 


I am codependent on the opportunity to make money. I am codependent on [[fate]] to give me the circumstances that allow me to grow. How the hell am I supposed to make my own money without other people? This can't be the answer. The Universe does need to align in order for anything to happen. You can't just act in a vacuum. Anyone that says otherwise is lying. I want money. Money is status. Money and status is value. Value will bring me optionality with women. Money is the closest proxy to social [[power]]. I am not doing this for someone else. I want these opportunities for myself.

"If people think I'm smart, then I'm smart." -this is external [[validation]]. How can I get [[validation]] from myself. No longer living your life reactively.

We keep the [[peace]] with everyone else, but then we're at war with everyone else.

